[
{'rank': 1, 'name': 'Bitcoin', 'symbol': 'BTC', 'id': '1', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/', 'slug': 'bitcoin', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Bitcoin is a decentralized cryptocurrency originally described in a 2008 whitepaper by a person, or group of people, using the alias Satoshi Nakamoto. It was launched soon after, in January 2009.Bitcoin is a peer-to-peer online currency, meaning that all transactions happen directly between equal, independent network participants, without the need for any intermediary to permit or facilitate them. Bitcoin was created, according to Nakamoto’s own words, to allow “online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution.”Some concepts for a similar type of a decentralized electronic currency precede BTC, but Bitcoin holds the distinction of being the first-ever cryptocurrency to come into actual use.Bitcoin’s original inventor is known under a pseudonym, Satoshi Nakamoto. As of 2020, the true identity of the person — or organization — that is behind the alias remains unknown.On October 31, 2008, Nakamoto published Bitcoin’s whitepaper, which described in detail how a peer-to-peer, online currency could be implemented. They proposed to use a decentralized ledger of transactions packaged in batches (called “blocks”) and secured by cryptographic algorithms — the whole system would later be dubbed “blockchain.”Just two months later, on January 3, 2009, Nakamoto mined the first block on the Bitcoin network, known as the genesis block, thus launching the world’s first cryptocurrency.However, while Nakamoto was the original inventor of Bitcoin, as well as the author of its very first implementation, over the years a large number of people have contributed to improving the cryptocurrency’s software by patching vulnerabilities and adding new features.Bitcoin’s source code repository on GitHub lists more than 750 contributors, with some of the key ones being Wladimir J. van der Laan, Marco Falke, Pieter Wuille, Gavin Andresen, Jonas Schnelli and others.Bitcoin’s most unique advantage comes from the fact that it was the very first cryptocurrency to appear on the market.It has managed to create a global community and give birth to an entirely new industry of millions of enthusiasts who create, invest in, trade and use Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in their everyday lives. The emergence of the first cryptocurrency has created a conceptual and technological basis that subsequently inspired the development of thousands of competing projects.The entire cryptocurrency market — now worth more than $300 billion — is based on the idea realized by Bitcoin: money that can be sent and received by anyone, anywhere in the world without reliance on trusted intermediaries, such as banks and financial services companies.Thanks to its pioneering nature, BTC remains at the top of this energetic market after over a decade of existence. Even after Bitcoin has lost its undisputed dominance, it remains the largest cryptocurrency, with a market capitalization that fluctuated between $100-$200 billion in 2020, owing in large part to the ubiquitousness of platforms that provide use-cases for BTC: wallets, exchanges, payment services, online games and more.Looking for market and blockchain data for BTC? Visit our block explorer.Want to buy Bitcoin? Use CoinMarketCap’s guide.Should you buy Bitcoin with PayPal?What is wrapped Bitcoin?Will Bitcoin volatility ever reduce?How to use a Bitcoin ATMBitcoin’s total supply is limited by its software and will never exceed 21,000,000 coins. New coins are created during the process known as “mining”: as transactions are relayed across the network, they get picked up by miners and packaged into blocks, which are in turn protected by complex cryptographic calculations.As compensation for spending their computational resources, the miners receive rewards for every block that they successfully add to the blockchain. At the moment of Bitcoin’s launch, the reward was 50 bitcoins per block: this number gets halved with every 210,000 new blocks mined — which takes the network roughly four years. As of 2020, the block reward has been halved three times and comprises 6.25 bitcoins.Bitcoin has not been premined, meaning that no coins have been mined and/or distributed between the founders before it became available to the public. However, during the first few years of BTC’s existence, the competition between miners was relatively low, allowing the earliest network participants to accumulate significant amounts of coins via regular mining: Satoshi Nakamoto alone is believed to own over a million Bitcoin.Mining Bitcoins can be very profitable for miners, depending on the current hash rate and the price of Bitcoin. While the process of mining Bitcoins is complex, we discuss how long it takes to mine one Bitcoin on CMC Alexandria — as we wrote above, mining Bitcoin is best understood as how long it takes to mine one block, as opposed to one Bitcoin.Bitcoin is secured with the SHA-256 algorithm, which belongs to the SHA-2 family of hashing algorithms, which is also used by its fork Bitcoin Cash (BCH), as well as several other cryptocurrencies.Bitcoin is the first decentralized, peer-to-peer digital currency. One of its most important functions is that it is used as a decentralized store of value. In other words, it provides for ownership rights as a physical asset or as a unit of account. However, the latter store-of-value function has been debated. Many crypto enthusiasts and economists believe that high-scale adoption of the top currency will lead us to a new modern financial world where transaction amounts will be denominated in smaller units.The top crypto is considered a store of value, like gold, for many — rather than a currency. This idea of the first cryptocurrency as a store of value, instead of a payment method, means that many people buy the crypto and hold onto it long-term (or HODL) rather than spending it on items like you would typically spend a dollar — treating it as digital gold.The most popular wallets for cryptocurrency include both hot and cold wallets. Cryptocurrency wallets vary from hot wallets and cold wallets. Hot wallets are able to be connected to the web, while cold wallets are used for keeping large amounts of coins outside of the internet.Some of the top crypto cold wallets are Trezor, Ledger and CoolBitX. Some of the top crypto hot wallets include Exodus, Electrum and Mycelium.A hard fork is a radical change to the protocol that makes previously invalid blocks/transactions valid, and therefore requires all users to upgrade. For example, if users A and B are disagreeing on whether an incoming transaction is valid, a hard fork could make the transaction valid to users A and B, but not to user C.A hard fork is a protocol upgrade that is not backward compatible. This means every node (computer connected to the Bitcoin network using a client that performs the task of validating and relaying transactions) needs to upgrade before the new blockchain with the hard fork activates and rejects any blocks or transactions from the old blockchain. The old blockchain will continue to exist and will continue to accept transactions, although it may be incompatible with other newer Bitcoin clients.A soft fork is a change to the Bitcoin protocol wherein only previously valid blocks/transactions are made invalid. Since old nodes will recognise the new blocks as valid, a soft fork is backward-compatible. This kind of fork requires only a majority of the miners upgrading to enforce the new rules.Some examples of prominent cryptocurrencies that have undergone hard forks are the following: Bitcoin’s hard fork that resulted in Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum’s hard fork that resulted in Ethereum Classic.https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/article/bitcoin-vs-bitcoin-cash-vs-bitcoin-svBitcoin Cash has been hard forked since its original forking, with the creation of Bitcoin SV.The Lightning Network is an off-chain, layered payment protocol that operates bidirectional payment channels which allows instantaneous transfer with instant reconciliation. It enables private, high volume and trustless transactions between any two parties. The Lightning Network scales transaction capacity without incurring the costs associated with transactions and interventions on the underlying blockchain.The current valuation of Bitcoin is constantly moving, all day every day. It is a truly global asset. From a start of under one cent per coin, BTC has risen in price by thousands of percent to the numbers you see above. The prices of all cryptocurrencies are quite volatile, meaning that anyone’s understanding of how much is Bitcoin will change by the minute. However, there are times when different countries and exchanges show different prices and understanding how much is Bitcoin will be a function of a person’s location.Bitcoin is, in many regards, almost synonymous with cryptocurrency, which means that you can buy Bitcoin on virtually every crypto exchange — both for fiat money and other cryptocurrencies. Some of the main markets where BTC trading is available are:If you are new to crypto, use CoinMarketCap’s own easy guide to buying Bitcoin.', 'website': 'https://bitcoin.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bitcoin/', 'whitepaper': 'https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf', 'other_links': ['bitcoin.org'], 'explorers': ['blockchain.coinmarketcap.com', 'blockchain.info', 'live.blockcypher.com', 'blockchair.com', 'explorer.viabtc.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://reddit.com/r/bitcoin'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'SHA-256'], 'property': ['Store of Value', 'State channels', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Framework Ventures', 'Galaxy Digital Portfolio', 'Huobi Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Winklevoss Capital', 'USV Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio', 'Paradigm XZY Screener'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 2, 'name': 'Ethereum', 'symbol': 'ETH', 'id': '1027', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/', 'slug': 'ethereum', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Ethereum is a decentralized open-source blockchain system that features its own cryptocurrency, Ether. ETH works as a platform for numerous other cryptocurrencies, as well as for the execution of decentralized smart contracts.Ethereum was first described in a 2013 whitepaper by Vitalik Buterin. Buterin, along with other co-founders, secured funding for the project in an online public crowd sale in the summer of 2014 and officially launched the blockchain on July 30, 2015.Ethereum’s own purported goal is to become a global platform for decentralized applications, allowing users from all over the world to write and run software that is resistant to censorship, downtime and fraud.Ethereum has a total of eight co-founders — an unusually large number for a crypto project. They first met on June 7, 2014, in Zug, Switzerland.Russian-Canadian Vitalik Buterin is perhaps the best known of the bunch. He authored the original white paper that first described Ethereum in 2013 and still works on improving the platform to this day. Prior to ETH, Buterin co-founded and wrote for the Bitcoin Magazine news website.British programmer Gavin Wood is arguably the second most important co-founder of ETH, as he coded the first technical implementation of Ethereum in the C++ programming language, proposed Ethereum’s native programming language Solidity and was the first chief technology officer of the Ethereum Foundation. Before Ethereum, Wood was a research scientist at Microsoft. Afterward, he moved on to establish the Web3 Foundation.Among the other co-founders of Ethereum are: - Anthony Di Iorio, who underwrote the project during its early stage of development. - Charles Hoskinson, who played the principal role in establishing the Swiss-based Ethereum Foundation and its legal framework. - Mihai Alisie, who provided assistance in establishing the Ethereum Foundation. - Joseph Lubin, a Canadian entrepreneur, who, like Di Iorio, has helped fund Ethereum during its early days, and later founded an incubator for startups based on ETH called ConsenSys. - Amir Chetrit, who helped co-found Ethereum but stepped away from it early into the development.Ethereum has pioneered the concept of a blockchain smart contract platform. Smart contracts are computer programs that automatically execute the actions necessary to fulfill an agreement between several parties on the internet. They were designed to reduce the need for trusted intermediates between contractors, thus reducing transaction costs while also increasing transaction reliability.Ethereum’s principal innovation was designing a platform that allowed it to execute smart contracts using the blockchain, which further reinforces the already existing benefits of smart contract technology. Ethereum’s blockchain was designed, according to co-founder Gavin Wood, as a sort of “one computer for the entire planet,” theoretically able to make any program more robust, censorship-resistant and less prone to fraud by running it on a globally distributed network of public nodes.In addition to smart contracts, Ethereum’s blockchain is able to host other cryptocurrencies, called “tokens,” through the use of its ERC-20 compatibility standard. In fact, this has been the most common use for the ETH platform so far: to date, more than 280,000 ERC-20-compliant tokens have been launched. Over 40 of these make the top-100 cryptocurrencies by market capitalization, for example, USDT, LINK and BNB.New to crypto? Learn how to buy Bitcoin today.Ready to learn more? Visit our learning hub.Want to look up a transaction? Visit our block explorer.Curious about the crypto space? Read our blog!In August 2020, there were around 112 million ETH coins in circulation, 72 million of which were issued in the genesis block — the first ever block on the Ethereum blockchain. Of these 72 million, 60 million were allocated to the initial contributors to the 2014 crowd sale that funded the project, and 12 million were given to the development fund.The remaining amount has been issued in the form of block rewards to the miners on the Ethereum network. The original reward in 2015 was 5 ETH per block, which later went down to 3 ETH in late 2017 and then to 2 ETH in early 2019. The average time it takes to mine an Ethereum block is around 13-15 seconds.One of the major differences between Bitcoin and Ethereum’s economics is that the latter is not deflationary, i.e. its total supply is not limited. Ethereum’s developers justify this by not wanting to have a “fixed security budget” for the network. Being able to adjust ETH’s issuance rate via consensus allows the network to maintain the minimum issuance needed for adequate security.As of August 2020, Ethereum is secured via the Ethash proof-of-work algorithm, belonging to the Keccak family of hash functions.There are plans, however, to transition the network to a proof-of-stake algorithm tied to the major Ethereum 2.0 update, which launched in late 2020.After the Ethereum 2.0 Beacon Chain (Phase 0) went live in the beginning of December 2020, it became possible to begin staking on the Ethereum 2.0 network. An Ethereum stake is when you deposit ETH (acting as a validator) on Ethereum 2.0 by sending it to a deposit contract, basically acting as a miner and thus securing the network. At the time of writing in mid-December 2020, the Ethereum stake price, or the amount of money earned daily by Ethereum validators, is about 0.00403 ETH a day, or $2.36. This number will change as the network develops and the amount of stakers (validators) increase.Ethereum staking rewards are determined by a distribution curve (the participation and average percent of stakers): some ETH 2.0 staking rewards are at 20% for early stakers, but will be lowered to end up between 7% and 4.5% annually.The minimum requirements for an Ethereum stake are 32 ETH. If you decide to stake in Ethereum 2.0, it means that your Ethererum stake will be locked up on the network for months, if not years, in the future until the Ethereum 2.0 upgrade is completed.Given the fact that Ethereum is the second-largest cryptocurrency after Bitcoin, it is possible to buy Ethereum, or use ETH trading pairs on nearly all of the major crypto exchanges. Some of the largest markets include:', 'website': 'https://gitter.im/orgs/ethereum/rooms', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ethereum', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper', 'other_links': ['www.ethereum.org', 'en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Et...', 'https://gitter.im/orgs/ethereum/rooms'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'bscscan.com', 'eth.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.ethereum.org', 'ethresear.ch', 'https://twitter.com/ethereum', 'https://reddit.com/r/ethereum'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW'], 'property': ['Smart Contracts', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Framework Ventures', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Huobi Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Winklevoss Capital', 'USV Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio', 'Paradigm XZY Screener'], 'platform': ['Ethereum'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 3, 'name': 'Tether', 'symbol': 'USDT', 'id': '825', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tether/', 'slug': 'tether', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'USDT is a stablecoin (stable-value cryptocurrency) that mirrors the price of the U.S. dollar, issued by a Hong Kong-based company Tether. The token’s peg to the USD is achieved via maintaining a sum of dollars in reserves that is equal to the number of USDT in circulation.Originally launched in July 2014 as Realcoin, a second-layer cryptocurrency token built on top of Bitcoin’s blockchain through the use of the Omni platform, it was later renamed to USTether, and then, finally, to USDT. In addition to Bitcoin’s, USDT was later updated to work on the Ethereum, EOS, Tron, Algorand, and OMG blockchains.The stated purpose of USDT is to combine the unrestricted nature of cryptocurrencies — which can be sent between users without a trusted third-party intermediary — with the stable value of the US dollar.USDT — or as it was known at the time, Realcoin — was launched in 2014 by Brock Pierce, Reeve Collins and Craig Sellars.Brock Pierce is a well-known entrepreneur who has co-founded a number of high-profile projects in the crypto and entertainment industries. In 2013, he co-founded a venture capital firm Blockchain Capital, which by 2017 had raised over $80 million in funding. In 2014, Pierce became the director of the Bitcoin Foundation, a nonprofit established to help improve and promote Bitcoin. Pierce has also co-founded Block.one, the company behind EOS, one of the largest cryptocurrencies on the market.Reeve Collins was the CEO of Tether for the first two years of its existence. Prior to that, he had co-founded several successful companies, such as the online ad network Traffic Marketplace, entertainment studio RedLever and gambling website Pala Interactive. As of 2020, Collins is heading SmarMedia Technologies, a marketing and advertising tech company.Other than working on Tether, Craig Sellars has been a member of the Omni Foundation for over six years. Its Omni Protocol allows users to create and trade smart-contract based properties and currencies on top of Bitcoin’s blockchain. Sellars has also worked in several other cryptocurrency companies and organizations, such as Bitfinex, Factom, Synereo and the MaidSafe Foundation.USDT’s unique feature is the fact that its value is guaranteed by Tether to remain pegged to the U.S. dollar. According to Tether, whenever it issues new USDT tokens, it allocates the same amount of USD to its reserves, thus ensuring that USDT is fully backed by cash and cash equivalents.The famously high volatility of the crypto markets means that cryptocurrencies can rise or fall by 10-20% within a single day, making them unreliable as a store of value. USDT, on the other hand, is protected from these fluctuations.This property makes USDT a safe haven for crypto investors: during periods of high volatility, they can park their portfolios in Tether without having to completely cash out into USD. In addition, USDT provides a simple way to transact a U.S. dollar equivalent between regions, countries and even continents via blockchain — without having to rely on a slow and expensive intermediary, like a bank or a financial services provider.However, over the years, there have been a number of controversies regarding the validity of Tether’s claims about their USD reserves, at times disrupting USDT’s price, which went down as low as $0.88 at one point in its history. Many have raised concerns about the fact that Tether’s reserves have never been fully audited by an independent third party.Looking for market and blockchain data for BTC? Visit our block explorer.Want to buy crypto? Use CoinMarketCap’s guide.There is no hard-coded limit on the total supply of USDT — given the fact that it belongs to a private company, theoretically, its issuance is limited only by Tether’s own policies. However, because Tether claims that every single USDT is supposed to be backed by one U.S. dollar, the amount of tokens is limited by the company’s actual cash reserves.Moreover, Tether does not disclose its issuance schedules ahead of time. Instead, they provide daily transparency reports, listing the total amount of their asset reserves and liabilities, the latter corresponding to the amount of USDT in circulation.As of September 2020, there are over 14.4 billion USDT tokens in circulation, which are backed by $14.6 billion in assets, according to Tether.USDT does not have its own blockchain — instead, it operates as a second-layer token on top of other cryptocurrencies’ blockchains: Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Tron, Algorand, Bitcoin Cash and OMG, and is secured by their respective hashing algorithms.It is possible to buy Tether / USDT on a large number of cryptocurrency exchanges. In fact, USDT’s average daily trading volume is often on par or even exceeds that of Bitcoin. It is especially prominent on those exchanges where fiat-to-crypto trading pairs are unavailable, as it provides a viable alternative to USD. Here are some of the most popular exchanges that support Tether trading:', 'website': 'https://tether.to', 'whitepaper': 'https://tether.to/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/TetherWhitePaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['tether.to', 'https://t.me/OfficialTether'], 'explorers': ['www.omniexplorer.info', 'etherscan.io', 'algoexplorer.io', 'tronscan.org', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/tether_to'], 'property': ['Payments', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed', 'Solana Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 4, 'name': 'Binance Coin', 'symbol': 'BNB', 'id': '1839', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/binance-coin/', 'slug': 'binance-coin', 'max_supply': '170,532,785', 'about': 'Launched in July 2017, Binance is one of the biggest cryptocurrency exchanges globally. By aiming to bring cryptocurrency exchanges to the forefront of financial activity globally. The idea behind Binance’s name is to show this new paradigm in global finance — Binary Finance, or Binance.Aside from being the largest cryptocurrency exchange globally, Binance has launched a whole ecosystem of functionalities for its users. The Binance network includes the Binance Chain, Academy, Trusted Wallet and Research projects, which all employ the powers of blockchain technology to bring new-age finance to the world. Binance Coin is an integral part of the successful functioning of many of the Binance sub-projects. Changpeng Zhao is the founder and CEO of Binance. In 2001, Zhao joined Bloomberg as head of tradebook futures development. He spent four years with the company and later joined Fusion Systems as a partner. Since 2013, Changpeng Zhao has been actively involved with blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. He became head of development at Blockchain, and in 2015 he founded BijieTech. In 2017, Zhao officially launched Binance, and he has been the CEO of the company ever since. He Yi is a co-founder and chief marketing officer at Binance. She started her career as a TV anchor and presenter on China Travel TV in 2012. Later, in 2014, Yi co-founded OKCoin, which was the largest fiat-to-crypto exchange in China at the time. In 2017, she joined forces with Changpeng Zhao, and together they created the largest crypto exchange globally — Binance. Binance is a unique ecosystem of decentralized, blockchain-based networks. The company has grown to be the leading crypto exchange in a number of countries, and their side organizations are attracting significant interest as well. One of the biggest competitive advantages Binance has is its drive for development. While the company started only as a crypto exchange back in 2017, today, Binance has spread its services among numerous different spheres. According to the company website, its mission is to become the infrastructure services provider for the entire blockchain ecosystem.Since launching the Binance Coin, the exchange has also benefited from increased investor interest in the token. BNB went through a significant price increase at the beginning of 2021, which has put it on the map of enterprise investors.Read more about Elrond.Find out more about bZx protocol.Learn more about DApps.Binance is launching an NFT marketplace.What are crypto debit cards?There is a maximum supply of 170,532,785 BNB coins, of which 153,432,897 are currently in circulation as of April 2021. According to the Binance whitepaper, exactly half of the maximum supply of BNB tokens was allocated towards the initial coin offering (ICO) and public sale of the token. Another 40% of the total supply, or around 80,000,000 BNB coins, was distributed among the founding members and team. Finally, the remaining 10% of the maximum supply was split among angel investors. Initially, the Binance coin started as a traditional ERC-20 token on the Ethereum blockchain. Later on, the company introduced its own blockchain, and the coins started being issued from the Binance blockchain, secured by the Tendermint byzantine-fault-tolerant (BFT) consensus mechanism.While ERC-20 tokens rely on the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus, which allows them to be extremely scalable, and allows for the creation of smart contracts. Unlike PoS, the Binance blockchain does not support smart contract functionalities. In contrast, the Bitcoin blockchain is secured by the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus, which is far more limited and consumes large amounts of electrical and computing power. As the dedicated utility token of the Binance exchange, the most straightforward way to acquire BNB coins would be to purchase them through Binance. The original exchange supports the largest variety of trading pairs with BNB, and it also has the best trading rates for the coin. If you are looking for alternative exchanges where you can purchase BNB, FTX is a good choice. Keep in mind that investing in cryptocurrency can be risky, just like investing in any other type of asset. Find more information here about buying cryptos.', 'website': 'https://www.binance.com/', 'other_links': ['www.binance.com', 'https://t.me/binanceexchange'], 'explorers': ['explorer.binance.org', 'etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/binance', 'https://reddit.com/r/binance'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Centralized exchange', 'Payments', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 5, 'name': 'Cardano', 'symbol': 'ADA', 'id': '2010', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/cardano/', 'slug': 'cardano', 'max_supply': '45,000,000,000', 'about': 'Cardano is a proof-of-stake blockchain platform that says its goal is to allow “changemakers, innovators and visionaries” to bring about positive global change.The open-source project also aims to “redistribute power from unaccountable structures to the margins to individuals” — helping to create a society that is more secure, transparent and fair.Cardano was founded back in 2017, and the ADA token is designed to ensure that owners can participate in the operation of the network. Because of this, those who hold the cryptocurrency have the right to vote on any proposed changes to the software.The team behind the layered blockchain say that there have already been some compelling use cases for its technology, which aims to allow decentralized apps and smart contracts to be developed with modularity.Cardano is used by agricultural companies to track fresh produce from field to fork, while other products built on the platform allow educational credentials to be stored in a tamper-proof way, and retailers to clamp down on counterfeit goods.Cardano was founded by Charles Hoskinson, who was also one of the co-founders of the Ethereum network. He is the CEO of IOHK, the company that built Cardano’s blockchain.In an interview for CoinMarketCap’s Crypto Titans series, Hoskinson said that he got involved in cryptocurrencies back in 2011 — and dabbled in mining and trading. He explained that his first professional involvement in the industry came in 2013, when he created a course about Bitcoin that ended up being taken by 80,000 students.As well as being a technology entrepreneur, Hoskinson is also a mathematician. In 2020, his technology company donated ADA worth $500,000 to the University of Wyoming’s Blockchain Research and Development Lab.Cardano is one of the biggest blockchains to successfully use a proof-of-stake consensus mechanism, which is less energy intensive than the proof-of-work algorithm relied upon by Bitcoin. Although the much larger Ethereum is going to be upgrading to PoS, this transition is only going to take place gradually.The project has taken pride in ensuring that all of the technology developed goes through a process of peer-reviewed research, meaning that bold ideas can be challenged before they are validated. According to the Cardano team, this academic rigor helps the blockchain to be durable and stable — increasing the chance that potential pitfalls can be anticipated in advance.In 2020, Cardano held a Shelley upgrade that aimed to make its blockchain “50 to 100 times more decentralized” than other large blockchains. At the time, Hoskinson predicted that this would pave the way for hundreds of assets to run on its network.Related Pages:Read our interview with Cardano founder Charles HoskinsonA deep dive into the technology behind Ethereum 2.0Brush up on complicated crypto terms with our glossaryCheck out our other interviews with crypto heavyweights A Deep Dive Into CardanoRead our crypto staking guideThere is a maximum supply of 45 billion ADA — but at the time of writing, there was a circulating supply of about 31 billion. Five rounds of public sales of Cardano tokens were held between September 2015 and January 2017.Approximately 2.5 billion ADA was allotted to IOHK once the network launched. Meanwhile, an additional 2.1 billion ADA was given to Emurgo, a global blockchain technology company that served as a founding entity of the Cardano protocol. Last but not least, 648 million ADA was given to the not-for-profit Cardano Foundation, which aims to promote the platform and increase levels of adoption.Overall, about 16% of ADA’s total supply went to the project’s founders, with the remaining 84% being split among investors.Cardano is secured through an “environmentally sustainable, verifiably secure” PoS protocol that’s known as Ouroboros.The project says that Ouroboros improves upon the security guarantees that are delivered by a PoW consensus mechanism while using substantially less power — claiming that it is four times more energy efficient than Bitcoin.It is described as a blend of unique technology and mathematically verified mechanisms, with behavioral psychology and economic philosophy thrown in for good measure. Overall, the objective of Ouroboros is to achieve sustainable and ethical growth.An incentive mechanism means that participants in the network are rewarded for their involvement.As one of the biggest cryptocurrencies in the world in terms of market capitalization, you shouldn’t have much difficulty in finding a major exchange to buy Cardano on including Binance, Bittrex, eToro, and HitBTC.If you’re struggling to find a trading pair that unites ADA with your local currency, check out this guide on how to convert fiat into Bitcoin — giving you a gateway to buying altcoins."', 'website': 'https://www.cardano.org', 'source_code': 'https://cardanoupdates.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.cardano.org/en/latest/', 'other_links': ['www.cardano.org', 'https://t.me/Cardano'], 'explorers': ['explorer.cardano.org', 'cardanoscan.io', 'blockchair.com', 'bscscan.com', 'ada.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['t.me', 'medium.com', 'forum.cardano.org', 'https://twitter.com/cardano', 'https://reddit.com/r/cardano'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS', 'PoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Research', 'Smart Contracts', 'Staking'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain'], 'other': ['Mineable'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Communications & Social Media']} ,
{'rank': 6, 'name': 'Dogecoin', 'symbol': 'DOGE', 'id': '74', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dogecoin/', 'slug': 'dogecoin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Dogecoin (DOGE) is based on the popular "doge" Internet meme and features a Shiba Inu on its logo. The open-source digital currency was created by Billy Markus from Portland, Oregon and Jackson Palmer from Sydney, Australia, and was forked from Litecoin in December 2013. Dogecoin\'s creators envisaged it as a fun, light-hearted cryptocurrency that would have greater appeal beyond the core Bitcoin audience, since it was based on a dog meme. Tesla CEO Elon Musk posted several tweets on social media that Dogecoin is his favorite coin.Dogecoin differs from Bitcoin\'s proof-of-work protocol in several ways, one of which is by using Scrypt technology. The altcoin has also a block time of 1 minute, and the total supply is uncapped, which means that there is no limit to the number of Dogecoin that can be mined.\nYou can mine Dogecoin either solo, or by joining a mining pool. A Doge miner can mine the digital currency on Windows, Mac or Linux, and with a GPU. As of 2014, you can also mine Litecoin in the same process of mining Dogecoin, as the processes were merged.Dogecoin has been used primarily as a tipping system on Reddit and Twitter to reward the creation or sharing of quality content. You can get tipped Dogecoin by participating in a community that uses the digital currency, or you can get your Dogecoin from a Dogecoin faucet. A Dogecoin faucet is a website that will give you a small amount of Dogecoin for free as an introduction to the currency, so that you can begin interacting in Dogecoin communities.You can sell or buy Dogecoin at any exchange that offers the digital currency, store it on an exchange or in a Dogecoin wallet, and tip Dogecoin in any communities that accept Dogecoin. For the latest list of exchanges and trading pairs for this cryptocurrency, click on our market pairs tab.', 'website': 'http://dogecoin.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/dogecoin/dogecoin', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/dogecoin/dogecoin/blob/master/README.md', 'other_links': ['dogecoin.com', 'http://webchat.freenode.net/?nick=Shibe..&channels=%23dogecoin&prompt=1'], 'explorers': ['blockchair.com', 'dogechain.info', 'doge.tokenview.com', 'explorer.viabtc.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/dogecoin', 'https://reddit.com/r/dogecoin'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'Scrypt'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Memes', 'Payments', 'Doggone Doggerel'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 7, 'name': 'XRP', 'symbol': 'XRP', 'id': '52', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/xrp/', 'slug': 'xrp', 'max_supply': '100,000,000,000', 'about': 'To begin with, it’s important to understand the difference between XRP, Ripple and RippleNet. XRP is the currency that runs on a digital payment platform called RippleNet, which is on top of a distributed ledger database called XRP Ledger. While RippleNet is run by a company called Ripple, the XRP Ledger is open-source and is not based on blockchain, but rather the previously mentioned distributed ledger database.The RippleNet payment platform is a real-time gross settlement (RTGS) system that aims to enable instant monetary transactions globally. While XRP is the cryptocurrency native to the XRP Ledger, you can actually use any currency to transact on the platform.While the idea behind the Ripple payment platform was first voiced in 2004 by Ryan Fugger, it wasn’t until Jed McCaleb and Chris Larson took over the project in 2012 that Ripple began to be built (at the time, it was also called OpenCoin). XRP was created by Ripple to be a speedy, less costly and more scalable alternative to both other digital assets and existing monetary payment platforms like SWIFT. RippleNet’s ledger is maintained by the global XRP Community, with Ripple the company as an active member. The XRP Ledger processes transactions roughly every 3-5 seconds, or whenever independent validator nodes come to a consensus on both the order and validity of XRP transactions — as opposed to proof-of-work mining like Bitcoin (BTC). Anyone can be a Ripple validator, and the list is currently made up of Ripple along with universities, financial institutions and others.You can buy XRP on any exchange that offers the digital currency. For the latest list of exchanges and trading pairs for this cryptocurrency, click on our market pairs tab. Remember to do your own research before choosing an exchange!You can either store your XRP on an exchange, where the exchange is responsible for the safety of your asset, or store your XRP in a cold or hot wallet.', 'website': 'https://xrpl.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ripple', 'whitepaper': 'https://ripple.com/files/ripple_consensus_whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['xrpl.org', 'https://t.me/Ripple'], 'explorers': ['xrpcharts.ripple.com', 'bithomp.com', 'xrpscan.com', 'blockchair.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['www.xrpchat.com', 'https://twitter.com/Ripple', 'https://reddit.com/r/ripple'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Galaxy Digital Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 8, 'name': 'USD Coin', 'symbol': 'USDC', 'id': '3408', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/usd-coin/', 'slug': 'usd-coin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': ' USD Coin (known by its ticker USDC) is a stablecoin that is pegged to the U.S. dollar on a 1:1 basis. Every unit of this cryptocurrency in circulation is backed up by $1 that is held in reserve, in a mix of cash and short-term U.S. Treasury bonds. The Centre consortium, which is behind this asset, says USDC is issued by regulated financial institutions.The stablecoin originally launched on a limited basis in September 2018. Put simply, USD Coin’s mantra is “digital money for the digital age” — and the stablecoin is designed for a world where cashless transactions are becoming more common.Several use cases have been unveiled for the USD Coin. As well as providing a safe haven for crypto traders in times of volatility, those behind the stablecoin say it can also allow businesses to accept payments in digital assets, and shake up an array of sectors including decentralized finance and gaming.Overall, the goal is to create an ecosystem where USDC is accepted by as many wallets, exchanges, service providers and dApps as possible.The Centre Consortium has two founding members. One of them is the peer-to-peer payment services company Circle, while the other is the Coinbase cryptocurrency exchange. Other crypto ventures are open to join this consortium.Explaining the rationale behind USDC, Circle co-founders Jeremy Allaire and Sean Neville wrote: “We believe that an open internet of value exchange can transform and integrate the world more deeply, eventually eliminating artificial economic borders and enabling a more efficient and inclusive global marketplace that connects every person on the planet.”In 2020, Circle and Coinbase collectively announced a major upgrade to USDC’s protocol and smart contract. The goal of these enhancements is to make it easier for USD Coin to be used for everyday payments, commerce and peer-to-peer transactions.The stablecoin market has become exceedingly crowded over recent years — but USD Coin has aimed to stand head and shoulders over competitors in several ways.One of them concerns transparency — and giving users the assurance that they will be able to withdraw 1 USDC and receive $1 in return without any issues. To this end, it says a major accounting firm is tasked with verifying the levels of cash that are held in reserve, and ensuring this matches up with the number of tokens in circulation.Unlike some crypto ventures, Circle and Coinbase have also achieved regulatory compliance — and this has helped pave the way for international expansion. Both projects are also well-funded, giving the stablecoin certainty.Related Pages:What is a stablecoin?Find out about USDT, one of USDC’s biggest competitorsDetailed definitions for stablecoins in the CoinMarketCap glossaryCoinMarketCap Blog: Insightful analysis and featuresIt’s a bit difficult to give an exact number here — as in theory, the number of USDC that can exist is limitless. New coins are created in line with demand, whenever someone wants to purchase one with their humble dollar.That said, there have been factors that have helped USD Coin enjoy an explosion in popularity over the years — especially in 2020. One of them is the sudden, sharp rise in the popularity of decentralized finance. USDC is a common sight on many DeFi protocols given how it serves as an onramp to the wider ecosystem.All of the USDCs in circulation are actually ERC-20 tokens, which can be found on the Ethereum blockchain. One of the biggest advantages here is how it can then be integrated with Ethereum-based applications. As we mentioned earlier, security and confidence in this stablecoin is delivered by proving that U.S. dollars are being held safely in reserve.As you might expect, one of the most enthusiastic exchanges that offers USDC is Coinbase, given how the exchange was involved in this stablecoin’s creation. USD Coin can also be purchased and traded on Poloniex, Binance, OKEx and Bitfinex, as well as decentralized exchanges such as Uniswap.USDC is commonly bought with Bitcoin — and if it’s your first time buying Bitcoin, be sure to check out our comprehensive guide here.', 'website': 'https://www.centre.io/usdc', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/centrehq/centre-tokens', 'whitepaper': 'https://f.hubspotusercontent30.net/hubfs/9304636/PDF/centre-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.centre.io/usdc'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'explorer.solana.com', 'algoexplorer.io', 'bscscan.com', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['blog.circle.com', 'medium.com'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed']} ,
{'rank': 9, 'name': 'Polkadot', 'symbol': 'DOT', 'id': '6636', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/polkadot-new/', 'slug': 'polkadot-new', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://polkadot.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/w3f', 'other_links': ['polkadot.network', 'https://t.me/PolkadotOfficial'], 'explorers': ['polkascan.io', 'polkadot-cc1.subscan.io', 'polkastats.io', 'hubble.figment.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/Polkadot', 'https://reddit.com/r/dot'], 'property': ['Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Fenbushi Capital Portfolio', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio'], 'platform': ['Polkadot', 'Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 10, 'name': 'Binance USD', 'symbol': 'BUSD', 'id': '4687', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/binance-usd/', 'slug': 'binance-usd', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Binance USD (BUSD) is a 1:1 USD-backed stable coin issued by Binance (in partnership with Paxos), Approved and regulated by the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS), The BUSD Monthly Audit Report can be viewed from the official website. Launched on 5 Sep 2019, BUSD aims to meld the stability of the dollar with blockchain technology. It is a digital fiat currency, issued as ERC-20 and supports BEP-2. Based on the price stability, Stablecoin plays an important role in transactions, payments and settlement, and Decentralised Finance (DeFi). Here are some of the BUSD use case: You can buy BUSD from exchanges, for the latest list of exchanges and trading pairs for this cryptocurrency, click on our market pairs tab (https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/binance-usd/markets). You can purchase and redeem BUSD from Paxos: (https://www.paxos.com/busd/)', 'website': 'https://github.com/paxosglobal/busd-contract', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/paxosglobal/busd-contract', 'other_links': ['www.binance.com/en/busd', 'www.paxos.com/busd/'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com', 'explorer.binance.org'], 'community': ['www.binance.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/PaxosGlobal'], 'property': ['Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed', 'Binance Smart Chain'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 11, 'name': 'Uniswap', 'symbol': 'UNI', 'id': '7083', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/uniswap/', 'slug': 'uniswap', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Uniswap is a popular decentralized trading protocol, known for its role in facilitating automated trading of decentralized finance (DeFi) tokens.An example of an automated market maker (AMM), Uniswap launched in November 2018, but has gained considerable popularity this year thanks to the DeFi phenomenon and associated surge in token trading.Uniswap aims to keep token trading automated and completely open to anyone who holds tokens, while improving the efficiency of trading versus that on traditional exchanges.Uniswap creates more efficiency by solving liquidity issues with automated solutions, avoiding the problems which plagued the first decentralized exchanges.In September 2020, Uniswap went a step further by creating and awarding its own governance token, UNI, to past users of the protocol. This added both profitability potential and the ability for users to shape its future — an attractive aspect of decentralized entities.Uniswap came about as a plan to introduce AMMs on Ethereum to a wider audience. The platform’s creator is Ethereum developer Hayden Adams.Adams worked in various projects while finalizing Uniswap, and his work was informed directly by Ethereum creator Vitalik Buterin. Buterin even ended up giving the protocol its name — it was originally known as Unipeg.Adams has also said that the original inspiration for the Uniswap platform came from one of Buterin’s own blog posts. His original idea to focus on Ethereum came after a friend convinced him to begin researching and understanding the protocol in 2017.Uniswap exists to create liquidity — and therefore trading and the value that trading provides —\xa0for the DeFi sphere.One of the major AMMs in operation at present, the protocol functions using a formula for automated exchange — X x Y = K. Founder Hayden Adams describes himself as the inventor of the particular implementation of the formula on Uniswap.Uniswap is not just a decentralized exchange; it attempts to solve the issues that platforms such as EtherDelta experienced with liquidity. By automating the process of market making, the protocol inceventizes activity by limiting risk and reducing costs for all parties. The mechanism also removes identity requirements for users, and technically anyone can create a liquidity pool for any pair of tokens.According to Uniswap, their governance token (UNI) was created in order to “officially enshrin[e] Uniswap as publicly-owned and self-sustainable infrastructure while continuing to carefully protect its indestructible and autonomous qualities.”Learn more about Balancer here.Learn more about Curve here.New to DeFi and cryptocurrency? Check out our education resources here.Uniswap vs PancakeswapThe total supply of Uniswap’s governance token, UNI, is 1 billion units. These will become available over the course of four years, after which Uniswap will introduce a “perpetual inflation rate” of 2% to maintain network participation. Token distribution currently consists of the following: 60% to Uniswap community members, i.e. users, 21.51% to team members, 17.8% to investors and 0.69% to advisors. The latter three distributions will occur according to a four-year vesting schedule.Out of the majority set to go to users, 15% can be claimed by those who used Uniswap prior to Sep. 1, 2020. These even include users who submitted transactions which were never successful — they are eligible for 400 UNI.Uniswap is a decentralized protocol for trading, and UNI is its in-house governance token. UNI is an ERC-20 token, meaning it requires Ethereum to function. ERC-20 merely defines a set of rules for tokens, as well as security considerations mainly related to the strength of the Ethereum network. For example, congestion can hike the price of gas needed to perform transactions, leading to delays and abnormally high transaction fees, which impact all participants.Separately, smart contracts can cause security issues that could lead to DeFi traders losing funds; in fact, hackers have already succeeded in stealing millions of dollars in DeFi’s short lifetime as of fall 2020.Uniswap’s UNI governance token is available for trading on major exchanges against other cryptocurrencies, stablecoins, fiat currencies and more. These include Binance, OKEx and Coinbase Pro, along with, naturally, Uniswap’s protocol itself.You can read more about how to enter the cryptocurrency market, no matter what token you plan to purchase, here.', 'website': 'https://discord.gg/FCfyBSbCU5', 'other_links': ['uniswap.org/blog/uni/', 'uniswap.org', 'https://discord.gg/FCfyBSbCU5'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com', 'hecoinfo.com', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['uniswap.org', 'https://twitter.com/Uniswap', 'https://reddit.com/r/Uniswap'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'AMM', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Governance', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'DeFiance Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'ParaFi capital', 'Paradigm XZY Screener']} ,
{'rank': 12, 'name': 'Bitcoin Cash', 'symbol': 'BCH', 'id': '1831', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-cash/', 'slug': 'bitcoin-cash', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Bitcoin Cash is a peer-to-peer electronic cash system that aims to become sound global money with fast payments, micro fees, privacy, and high transaction capacity (big blocks). In the same way that physical money, such as a dollar bill, is handed directly to the person being paid, Bitcoin Cash payments are sent directly from one person to another.As a permissionless, decentralized cryptocurrency, Bitcoin Cash requires no trusted third parties and no central bank. Unlike traditional fiat money, Bitcoin Cash does not depend on monetary middlemen such as banks and payment processors. Transactions cannot be censored by governments or other centralized corporations. Similarly, funds cannot be seized or frozen — because financial third parties have no control over the Bitcoin Cash network. Bitcoin Cash combines gold-like scarcity with the spendable nature of cash. With a limited total supply of 21 million coins, Bitcoin Cash is provably scarce and, like physical cash, can be easily spent. Transactions are fast with transaction fees typically less than a tenth of a cent. Anybody can accept Bitcoin Cash payments with a smartphone or computer.Bitcoin Cash has various use cases. In addition to peer-to-peer payments between individuals, Bitcoin Cash can be used to pay participating merchants for goods and services in-store and online. Very low fees enable new micro-transaction economies, such as tipping content creators and rewarding app users a few cents. Bitcoin Cash also reduces the fees and settlement times for remittances and cross-border trade. Other use cases include tokens, simplified smart contracts, and private payments with tools such as CashShuffle and CashFusion.In 2017, the Bitcoin project and its community split in two over concerns about Bitcoin’s scalability. The result was a hard fork which created Bitcoin Cash, a new cryptocurrency considered by supporters to be the legitimate continuation of the Bitcoin project as peer-to-peer electronic cash. All Bitcoin holders at the time of the fork (block 478,558) automatically became owners of Bitcoin Cash. Bitcoin, which was invented by the pseudonymous Satoshi Nakomoto remains a separate cryptocurrency.Unlike Bitcoin BTC, Bitcoin Cash aims to scale so it can meet the demands of a global payment system. At the time of the split, the Bitcoin Cash block size was increased from 1MB to 8MB. An increased block size means Bitcoin Cash can now handle significantly more transactions per second (TPS) while keeping fees extremely low, solving the issues of payment delays and high fees experienced by some users on the Bitcoin BTC network. As of November 2020, Bitcoin Cash has a block size of 32MB.Mining is the process in which new Bitcoin Cash transactions are confirmed and new blocks are added to the Bitcoin Cash blockchain. Miners use computing power and electricity to solve complex puzzles. By doing so, they gain the ability to produce new blocks of transactions. If one of their blocks is accepted by the network, the miner, or mining pool, earns a block reward in the form of newly-issued Bitcoin Cash. Mining is highly competitive. As the price of Bitcoin Cash in the marketplace rises, more miners are incentivized to bring more hash rate into the ever-increasing miner competition to produce blocks and have them accepted by the Bitcoin Cash network. More miners make the network more secure by increasing and distributing the hash rate. This prevents a single miner from having control over the network. Anyone can mine Bitcoin Cash. Mining requires specialized hardware called mining equipment, which can either be bought or rented. Miners also need to run a full node software (with the majority of miners currently running BCHN) to build blocks and connect to the rest of the Bitcoin Cash network. Mining can be done independently but miners often pool their hash rate together and share proportionally in the earned block rewards. Bitcoin Cash is available at a variety of crypto exchanges, depending on your region. For the latest list of exchanges and trading pairs for this cryptocurrency, click on our market pairs tab. Be sure to do your own research before picking an exchange to buy Bitcoin Cash.', 'website': 'http://bch.info', 'source_code': 'https://gitlab.com/bitcoin-cash-node/', 'other_links': ['bch.info'], 'explorers': ['explorer.bitcoin.com', 'blockchair.com', 'bch.tokenview.com', 'www.oklink.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://reddit.com/r/Bitcoincash'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'SHA-256'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Medium of Exchange', 'Store of Value', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Payments'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 13, 'name': 'Litecoin', 'symbol': 'LTC', 'id': '2', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/litecoin/', 'slug': 'litecoin', 'max_supply': '84,000,000', 'about': 'Litecoin (LTC) is a cryptocurrency that was designed to provide fast, secure and low-cost payments by leveraging the unique properties of blockchain technology. The cryptocurrency was created based on the Bitcoin (BTC) protocol, but it differs in terms of the hashing algorithm used, hard cap, block transaction times and a few other factors. Litecoin has a block time of just 2.5 minutes and extremely low transaction fees, making it suitable for micro-transactions and point-of-sale payments. Litecoin was released via an open-source client on GitHub on Oct. 7, 2011, and the Litecoin Network went live five days later on Oct. 13, 2011. Since then, it has exploded in both usage and acceptance among merchants and has counted among the top ten cryptocurrencies by market capitalization for most of its existence.The cryptocurrency was created by Charlie Lee, a former Google employee, who intended Litecoin to be a "lite version of Bitcoin," in that it features many of the same properties as Bitcoin—albeit lighter in weight. As we previously touched on, Litecoin was founded by Charlie Lee, an early cryptocurrency adopter and a name held in high regard in the cryptocurrency industry. Charlie Lee, also known as “Chocobo,” is an early Bitcoin miner and computer scientist, who was a former software engineer for Google. In addition, Charlie Lee held the role of director of engineering at Coinbase between 2015 and 2017 before moving on to other ventures. \\\nToday, Charlie Lee is an outspoken advocate of cryptocurrencies and is the managing director of the Litecoin Foundation—a non-profit organization that works alongside the Litecoin Core Development team to help advance Litecoin. Besides Lee, the Litecoin Foundation also includes three other individuals on the board of directors: Xinxi Wang, Alan Austin and Zing Yang — all of which are accomplished in their own right. Behind Bitcoin, Litecoin is the second most popular pure cryptocurrency. This success can be largely attributed to its simplicity and clear utility benefits. As of January 2021, Litecoin is one of the most widely accepted cryptocurrencies, and more than 2,000 merchants and stores now accept LTC across the globe. Its main benefit comes from its speed and cost-effectiveness. Litecoin transactions are typically confirmed in just minutes, and transaction fees are nearly negligible. This makes it an attractive alternative to Bitcoin in developing countries, where transaction fees may be the deciding factor on which cryptocurrency to support. In late 2020, Litecoin also saw the release of the MimbleWimble (MW) testnet, which is used to test Mimblewimble-based confidential transactions on Litecoin. Once this feature is available on the mainnet, Litecoin users will also benefit from greatly enhanced privacy and fungibility. Check out Bitcoin (BTC) — the original cryptocurrency.Check out Nano (NANO) — another lightweight, fast cryptocurrency.Get up to date with the latest Litecoin updates and discussion.Subscribe to the CoinMarketCap blog for the latest cryptocurrency news and updates.Like most proof-of-work (POW) cryptocurrencies, the amount of Litecoin in circulation gradually increases with each newly mined block. As of January 2021, 66.245 million LTC have already been mined out of a total maximum supply of 84 million. The Litecoin Foundation recently estimated it will be well over 100 years until Litecoin reaches full dilution (around the year 2140) — since the number of LTC mined per block decreases every four years as part of the block reward halving schedule.Around 500,000 LTC was instamined on day one after the LTC genesis block was mined and Charlie Lee and presumably other early Litecoin developers were among the first miners. Despite this, as a fairly distributed asset, the Litecoin developers or Charlie Lee do not receive any direct profits from the operation of Litecoin—other than anything they may earn as part of the regular mining process. As a blockchain-based cryptocurrency, Litecoin is secured by incredibly strong cryptographic defenses — making it practically impossible to crack. Like Bitcoin and several other cryptocurrencies, Litecoin uses the PoW consensus algorithm to ensure transactions are confirmed quickly and without errors. The combined strength of the Litecoin mining network prevents double-spends and a range of other attacks, while ensuring the network has 100% uptime. Litecoin is one of the few cryptocurrencies with a wide variety of fiat trading pairs, and can be exchanged for U.S. dollars (USD), Korean won (KRW), euros (EUR) and more when you buy Litecoin. Some of the most prominent names include Huobi Global, Binance, Coinbase Pro, OKEx and Kraken. Litecoin is one of the few cryptocurrencies with a wide variety of fiat trading pairs, and can be exchanged for U.S. dollars (USD), Korean won (KRW), euros (EUR) and more. For more information about buying cryptocurrencies with fiat, see our comprehensive guide.', 'website': 'https://litecoin.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/litecoin-project/litecoin', 'other_links': ['litecoin.org', 'https://telegram.me/litecoin'], 'explorers': ['blockchair.com', 'chainz.cryptoid.info', 'explorer.litecoin.net', 'ltc.tokenview.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'litecointalk.io', 'litecoin-foundation.org', 'https://twitter.com/LitecoinProject', 'https://reddit.com/r/litecoin'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'Scrypt'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 14, 'name': 'Solana', 'symbol': 'SOL', 'id': '5426', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/solana/', 'slug': 'solana', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Solana is a highly functional open source project that banks on blockchain technology’s permissionless nature to provide decentralized finance (DeFi) solutions. While the idea and initial work on the project began in 2017, Solana was officially launched in March 2020 by the Solana Foundation with headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. The Solana protocol is designed to facilitate decentralized app (DApp) creation. It aims to improve scalability by introducing a proof-of-history (PoH) consensus combined with the underlying proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus of the blockchain. Because of the innovative hybrid consensus model, Solana enjoys interest from small-time traders and institutional traders alike. A significant focus for the Solana Foundation is to make decentralized finance accessible on a larger scale. Anatoly Yakovenko is the most important person behind Solana. His professional career started at Qualcomm, where he quickly moved up the ranks and became senior staff engineer manager in 2015. Later on, his professional path shifted, and Yakovenko entered a new position as a software engineer at Dropbox. In 2017, Yakovenko started working on a project which would later materialize as Solana. He teamed up with his Qualcomm colleague Greg Fitzgerald, and they founded a project called Solana Labs. Attracting several more former Qualcomm colleagues in the process, the Solana protocol and SOL token were released to the public in 2020.One of the essential innovations Solana brings to the table is the proof-of-history (PoH) consensus developed by Anatoly Yakovenko. This concept allows for greater scalability of the protocol, which in turn boosts usability. Solana is known in the cryptocurrency space because of the incredibly short processing times the blockchain offers. Solana’s hybrid protocol allows for significantly decreased validation times for both transaction and smart contract execution. With lightning-fast processing times, Solana has attracted a lot of institutional interest as well.The Solana protocol is intended to serve both small-time users and enterprise customers alike. One of Solana’s main promises to customers is that they will not be surprised by increased fees and taxes. The protocol is designed in such a way as to have low transaction costs while still guaranteeing scalability and fast processing. Combined with the longstanding professional expertise creators Anatoly Yakovenko and Greg Fitzgerald bring to the project, Solana is ranked number 42 in the CoinMarketCap ranking as of February 2021. Read more about Steem.Check out Marlin.Learn more about Decentralized Finance (DeFi).Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.The Solana Foundation has announced that a total of 489 million SOL tokens will be released in circulation. At the moment, about 260 million of these have already entered the market. The SOL token distribution is as follows: 16.23% went towards an initial seed sale, 12.92% of tokens were dedicated to a founding sale, 12.79% of SOL coins were distributed among team members and 10.46% of tokens were given to the Solana Foundation. The remaining tokens were already released for public and private sales or are still to be released to the market. Solana relies on a unique combination of proof-of-history (PoH) and proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanisms. Proof-of-history is the main component of the Solana protocol, as it is responsible for the bulk of transaction processing. PoH records successful operations and the time that has passed between them, thus ensuring the trustless nature of the blockchain. The proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus is used as a monitoring tool for the PoH processes, and it validates each sequence of blocks produced by it. The combination of two consensus mechanisms makes Solana a unique phenomenon in the blockchain industry. SOL tokens can be purchased on most exchanges. One choice to trade Solana is on Binance, as it has the highest SOL/USDT trading volume, $8,947,213 as of February 2021.Next is OKEx, with a trading volume of $6,180,82. Other options to trade Solana include Bilaxy and Huobi Global. Of course, it is important to note that investing in cryptocurrency comes with a risk, just like any other investment opportunity.', 'website': 'https://solana.com', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/solana-labs', 'whitepaper': 'https://solana.com/solana-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['solana.com', 'https://discord.gg/Rz737rP', 'https://t.me/solana'], 'explorers': ['explorer.solana.com', 'solanabeach.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'forums.solana.com', 'https://twitter.com/solana', 'https://reddit.com/r/solana'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 15, 'name': 'Chainlink', 'symbol': 'LINK', 'id': '1975', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/chainlink/', 'slug': 'chainlink', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Founded in 2017, Chainlink is a blockchain abstraction layer that enables universally connected smart contracts. Through a decentralized oracle network, Chainlink allows blockchains to securely interact with external data feeds, events and payment methods, providing the critical off-chain information needed by complex smart contracts to become the dominant form of digital agreement.The Chainlink Network is driven by a large open-source community of data providers, node operators, smart contract developers, researchers, security auditors and more. The company focuses on ensuring that decentralized participation is guaranteed for all node operators and users looking to contribute to the network. Sergey Nazarov is a co-founder and CEO at Chainlink Labs. He graduated with a degree in business administration from New York University, with a focus on philosophy and administration. His professional career began as a teaching fellow at NYU Stern School of Business. In 2009, Nazarov co-founded ExistLocal, a peer-to-peer marketplace for authentic local experiences. In 2014, he also co-founded CryptaMail, a completely decentralized, blockchain-based email service. In 2014, Nazarov teamed up with Steve Ellis and launched SmartContract, a platform that brings smart contracts to life by connecting them to external data and widely accepted bank payments. SmartContract was one of the entrepreneurial ventures that led Sergey Nazarov to the founding of Chainlink. Steve Ellis graduated with a degree in computer science from New York University in 2010. Right after graduating, he became a software engineer at Pivotal Labs. In 2014, he co-founded the Secure Asset Exchange, a company facilitating easy web access to a decentralized asset exchange.Chainlink is one of the first networks to allow the integration of off-chain data into smart contracts. With many trusted partners, Chainlink is one of the major players in the data processing field. Due to the integration of off-chain data, Chainlink has attracted the attention of numerous trusted data providers, including Brave New Coin, Alpha Vantage and Huobi. Data providers can sell access to data directly to Chainlink, thus monetizing the information they have. As a decentralized network, Chainlink allows users to become node operators and earn revenue by running critical data infrastructure required for blockchains’ success. Chainlink uses a large collection of node operators to collectively power a wide range of decentralized Price Feed oracle networks live in-production, which currently secure billions in value for leading DeFi applications like Synthetix, Aave, yEarn and more.Read more about OctoFi.Find out more about Benchmark Protocol.Learn more about Decentralized Data Governance.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.During the initial coin offering (ICO) for LINK, Chainlink announced a total and maximum supply of 1,000,000,000 LINK tokens. The current supply is about 419,009,556 LINK tokens, or about 42% of the total supply.According to the ICO documentation, 35% of the total token supply will go towards node operators and the incentivization of the ecosystem. Another 35% of LINK tokens were distributed during public sale events. Lastly, the remaining 30% of the total token supply was directed towards the company for the continued development of the Chainlink ecosystem and network. As an Ethereum-based ERC-20 token, Chainlink is secured by the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism. Unlike the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus utilized by Bitocin, PoS relies on the amount of staked tokens for selecting node validators.PoS protocols were created with the idea to battle the vast power consumption required by PoW systems. PoS models are becoming increasingly popular as they need less electrical power and are easily scalable. While PoW has proven itself a reliable consensus mechanism, Ethereum and all other ERC-20 tokens have been growing rapidly and setting the trend in the space. Chainlink and the LINK token are among the most popular cryptocurrencies on the market. Considering this, a lot of exchanges have pushed to start offering trades in LINK. One top exchange to buy Chainlink is Binance.Other exchanges offering trades in LINK include:It is important to consider the fact that investing in cryptocurrency carries risk, just like any other investment. Find more information here about buying cryptos.', 'website': 'https://t.me/chainlinkofficial', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink', 'whitepaper': 'https://link.smartcontract.com/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['chain.link', 'smartcontract.com', 'https://t.me/chainlinkofficial'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com', 'explorer.solana.com', 'blockscout.com', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'blog.chain.link', 'https://twitter.com/chainlink', 'https://reddit.com/r/chainlink'], 'property': ['Platform', 'DeFi', 'Oracles', 'Smart Contracts', 'Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Avalanche Ecosystem', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'Framework Ventures', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Polkadot']} ,
{'rank': 16, 'name': 'Polygon', 'symbol': 'MATIC', 'id': '3890', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/polygon/', 'slug': 'polygon', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://polygon.technology/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/maticnetwork/', 'whitepaper': 'https://polygon.technology/papers/', 'other_links': ['polygon.technology', 'https://t.me/maticnetwork', 'https://open.kakao.com/o/gUpfOhmb'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/0xPolygon'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'State channels', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Binance Launchpad', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 17, 'name': 'Wrapped Bitcoin', 'symbol': 'WBTC', 'id': '3717', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/wrapped-bitcoin/', 'slug': 'wrapped-bitcoin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Wrapped Bitcoin is a tokenized version of Bitcoin (BTC) that runs on the Ethereum (ETH) blockchain.WBTC is compliant with ERC-20 — the basic compatibility standard of the Ethereum blockchain — allowing it to be fully integrated into the latter’s ecosystem of decentralized exchanges, crypto lending services, prediction markets and other ERC-20-enabled decentralized finance (DeFi) applications.WBTC is also backed by Bitcoin at a 1:1 ratio via a network of automatically monitored merchants and custodians, ensuring that its price is pegged to Bitcoin at all times and allows users to transfer liquidity between the BTC and the ETH networks in a decentralized and autonomous manner.Wrapped Bitcoin was first announced on October 26, 2018, and officially launched on January 31, 2019.The Wrapped Tokens project, of which WBTC is a part, wasn’t founded by individuals but is rather a joint project of three organizations: BitGo, Kyber Network and Ren.BitGo, co-founded in 2013 by American computer scientist and entrepreneur Mike Belshe, is an institutional digital asset custody, trading and financial services firm. In addition to being one of the developers of WBTC, BitGo also serves as its original custodian — the entity that holds WBTC tokens and the keys needed to mint more of them.Kyber Network is an on-blockchain liquidity protocol that enables the integration of different cryptocurrency tokens and DeFi applications. It was founded in 2017 by Loi Luu, Victor Tran and Yaron Velner and is based in Singapore. Along with Ren, Kyber Network has helped create WBTC and still serves as a merchant on its network — the institution that mints and burns WBTC tokens to maintain the 1:1 ratio of tokens to BTC reserves.Similarly to Kyber, Ren is a company focused on cross-blockchain integration of cryptocurrency assets and DeFi applications via solutions such as RenBridge, RenVM and others. It was founded in 2017 by Taiyang Zhang and Loong Wang.By virtue of being the oldest and largest cryptocurrency on the market, Bitcoin can boast a massive user base and a liquidity pool of several dozen billion dollars. However, its blockchain functionality is relatively basic by modern standards.Unlike Bitcoin, Ethereum was built from the ground up to support more advanced use cases by utilizing the technology of smart contracts, giving rise to an entire industry dubbed “decentralized finance.” Ethereum and products derived from it offer their users such advanced financial instruments as lending and insurance, which do not rely on trusted intermediaries.By “wrapping” BTC in the ERC-20 standard, WBTC enables full integration of a Bitcoin-like asset into this advanced environment of financial decentralized applications, bringing along the immense liquidity associated with the BTC market.In addition, Wrapped Bitcoin makes the job significantly easier for exchanges, wallets and payment services that work with Ethereum: instead of having to run two separate nodes for ETH and BTC networks, they can support WBTC operations with just an Ethereum node.Finally, Ethereum blockchain’s faster average blocktime — about 15 seconds vs 10 minutes respectively — increases the speed with which WBTC can be transacted, compared to actual bitcoins.Learn more about other Bitcoin-pegged tokens on the Ethereum network, like renBTC and HBTC.Check out our educational deep dive into how Ren is bringing Bitcoin to DeFi.CMC Alexandria has a basic into to Wrapped Bitcoin right here.There is no predetermined schedule of WBTC issuance. Instead, WBTC is automatically minted or burned whenever users purchase or sell their tokens for Bitcoin via a system of merchants and custodians.Because Wrapped Bitcoin is always backed by Bitcoin at a 1:1 ratio, the number of tokens in circulation is directly dependent on the amount of Bitcoin reserves in the WBTC network. As of October 2020, that number was just over 94,000 tokens, worth approximately $1 billion in total.WBTC tokens are secured by the parent blockchain they run on — Ethereum. In turn, ETH is protected by the Ethash proof-of-work function, a representative of the Keccak family of hash functions.You can buy WBTC on several exchanges, both centralized and decentralized ones, which serve as merchants on the Wrapped Bitcoin network. Some of the major ones include:', 'website': 'https://wbtc.network', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/WrappedBTC/bitcoin-token-smart-contracts', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.wbtc.network/assets/wrapped-tokens-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['wbtc.network'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'enjinx.io', 'ftmscan.com', 'explorer-mainnet.maticvigil.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/WrappedBTC'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'DeFi'], 'platform': ['Wrapped Tokens']} ,
{'rank': 18, 'name': 'THETA', 'symbol': 'THETA', 'id': '2416', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/theta/', 'slug': 'theta', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Theta (THETA) is a blockchain powered network purpose-built for video streaming. Launched in March 2019, the Theta mainnet operates as a decentralized network in which users share bandwidth and computing resources on a peer-to-peer (P2P) basis.The project is advised by Steve Chen, co-founder of YouTube and Justin Kan, co-founder of Twitch.Theta features its own native cryptocurrency token, THETA, which performs various governance tasks within the network, and counts Google, Binance, Blockchain ventures, Gumi, Sony Europe and Samsung as Enterprise validators, along with a Guardian network of thousands of community-run guardian nodes.Developers say that the project aims to shake up the video streaming industry in its current form — centralization, poor infrastructure and high costs mean that end users often end up with a poor experience. Content creators likewise earn less revenue due to the barriers between them and end users.Theta was co-founded by Mitch Liu and Jieyi Long in 2018. Liu has a long history in the gaming and video industries, co-founding video advertising firm Tapjoy, mobile social gaming startup Gameview Studios, and THETA.tv, the live streaming platform whose DApp was the first to be built on the Theta protocol.Long is Theta’s second co-founder and CTO, following similar multi-year experience in design automation, gaming, virtual reality, and large scale distributed systems. He authored multiple peer-reviewed academic papers and holds various patents in video streaming, blockchain and virtual reality.Theta now has a modest team, and its official website lists strategic corporate investors as Samsung NEXT, Sony Innovation Fund, media investors BDMI Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments, CAA Creative Artists Agency, and traditional Silicon Valley VCs including DCM, Sierra Ventures and the VR Fund.Theta’s main business concept is to decentralize video streaming, data delivery and edge computing, making it more efficient, cost-effective and fair for industry participants.The network runs on a native blockchain, with two native tokens, known as Theta (THETA), Theta Fuel (TFUEL), powering the internal economy.Theta’s appeal is threefold: viewers get rewarded with better quality streaming service, content creators improve their earnings and middlemen — video platforms — save money on building infrastructure and increase advertising and subscription revenues.Users have an incentive to both watch network content and share network resources, as rewards come in the form of TFUEL tokens.The platform is open source, and token holders receive governance powers as with many proof-of-stake (PoS)-based blockchain ecosystems.In addition to video, data and computing, Theta caters to developers looking to launch decentralized applications (DApps) on its fully featured EVM-compatible Smart contract platform.Find out more about Livepeer here.Find out more about LBRY here.Crypto newbie? Find the answers to all your questions with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.Theta involves two tokens: THETA and TFUEL. THETA exists only for governance purposes, with 5 TFUEL tokens issued per 1 THETA held at the time of the mainnet launch in 2019.THETA itself launched in 2018, at which time it was distributed to buyers as an ERC-20 token on Ethereum. Afterwards, all ERC-20 THETA were converted to native THETA on the mainnet.The total supply of THETA is capped at 1 billion (1,000,000,000) tokens. It is distributed in various proportions among all network participants, as well as the Theta team itself and a reserve pool.TFUEL is used to power transactions in a similar way to gas on Ethereum (ETH). Its total supply is 5 billion (5,000,000,000) tokens.Theta uses a financial incentive scheme to ensure user participation in governance activities, and hence its network is secured by its own users.The network relies on proof-of-stake (PoS), and employs a multi-level Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT) consensus mechanism to balance security with high transaction throughput.With the launch of Guardian nodes in June 2019, Theta ensured that no single entity controls the majority of THETA tokens being staked at any one time.THETA, as the main token for the Theta platform, is freely tradable on major exchanges. Pairs include cryptocurrencies, fiat currencies and stablecoins. As of October 2020, the highest volume pairs come from Binance, with the most popular trading currency being stablecoin Tether (USDT).New to crypto? Check out CoinMarketCap’s easy guide to buying Bitcoin (BTC) or any other token.', 'website': 'https://www.thetatoken.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/thetatoken', 'whitepaper': 'https://s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/assets.thetatoken.org/Theta-white-paper-latest.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.thetatoken.org', 'https://discord.com/invite/QfMpeZBfKB'], 'explorers': ['explorer.thetatoken.org'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/Theta_Network', 'https://reddit.com/r/theta_network'], 'property': ['Media', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'Content Creation', 'Video', 'Huobi Capital']} ,
{'rank': 19, 'name': 'Stellar', 'symbol': 'XLM', 'id': '512', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/stellar/', 'slug': 'stellar', 'max_supply': '50,001,806,812', 'about': 'Put simply, Stellar is an open network that allows money to be moved and stored. When it was released in July 2014, one of its goals was boosting financial inclusion by reaching the world’s unbanked — but soon afterwards, its priorities shifted to helping financial firms connect with one another through blockchain technology.The network’s native token, lumens, serves as a bridge that makes it less expensive to trade assets across borders. All of this aims to challenge existing payment providers, who often charge high fees for a similar service.If all of this sounds familiar, it is worth noting that Stellar was originally based on the Ripple Labs protocol. The blockchain was created as a result of hard fork, and the code was subsequently rewritten.Jed McCaleb founded Stellar with the lawyer Joyce Kim after leaving Ripple in 2013 over disagreements about the company’s future direction.In explaining the rationale behind Stellar in September 2020, McCaleb told CoinMarketCap: “The whole original design of Stellar is that you can have fiat currencies and other kinds of forms of value run in parallel with each other and with crypto assets. This is super important to drive this stuff mainstream.”McCaleb’s goal is to ensure that Stellar can give people a way of moving their fiat into crypto — and eliminate the friction that people normally experience when they are sending money around the world.He currently serves as the CTO of Stellar, as well as the co-founder of the Stellar Development Foundation. This not-for-profit organization aims to “unlock the world’s economic potential by making money more fluid, markets more open, and people more empowered.”Fees are a sticking point for many. However, high costs when making cross-border payments aren’t just exclusive to fiat-based payments solutions such as PayPal — transaction fees have also been known to go through the roof on the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains because of congestion.Stellar is unique because every transaction costs just 0.00001 XLM. Given how one unit of this cryptocurrency only costs a few cents at the time of writing, this helps ensure that users keep more of their money.Few blockchain projects have managed to secure partnerships with big-brand technology companies and fintech firms. A few years ago, Stellar and IBM teamed up to launch World Wire, a project that allowed large financial institutions to submit transactions to the Stellar network and transact using bridge assets such as stablecoins.Although other blockchains have community funds, meaning that grants can be given to projects that help further the ecosystem, Stellar allows its users to vote on which ventures should be given this support.Find out more about XRP, the cryptocurrency XLM forked fromRead the Crypto Titans interview with Stellar’s Jed McCalebCMC Alexandria: The best educational resource for cryptoPlenty more interviews on the CoinMarketCap BlogA total of 100 billion XLM were issued when the Stellar network launched in 2015 — but things have changed since the release date. At present, the total supply stands at 50 billion XLM, and the circulating supply is currently 20.7 billion.In 2019, the Stellar Development Foundation announced that it was burning over half of the cryptocurrency’s supply. This means that it now controls approximately 30 billion XLM. While some of this capital is earmarked for marketing and helping the organization develop, about one third is reserved for making investments in other blockchain ventures.Explaining why it took this drastic move — and promising not to burn any more XLM in the future — the foundation explained: “SDF can be leaner and do the work it was created to do using fewer lumens… Those 55.5 billion lumens weren’t going to increase the adoption of Stellar.”This network is secured using the Stellar Consensus Protocol, which is described as having four main properties: “Decentralized control, low latency, flexible trust, and asymptotic security.”Through SCP, anyone is able to join the process of achieving consensus, and no single entity can end up with the majority of decision-making power. Transactions are also confirmed cheaply and within a few seconds — and safeguards are in place if bad actors attempt to join the network.It is possible to buy Stellar from a wide range of top exchanges - including Binance, Coinbase, Kraken, Bittrex, Bitfinex, Upbit and Huobi. It’s also common to convert fiat into Bitcoin before purchasing altcoins, and you can find out more about how this is done with our guide.', 'website': 'https://www.stellar.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/stellar', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.stellar.org/papers/stellar-consensus-protocol.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.stellar.org', 'http://slack.stellar.org/'], 'explorers': ['dashboard.stellar.org', 'stellar.expert', 'steexp.com', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'stellarcommunity.org', 'galactictalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/StellarOrg', 'https://reddit.com/r/stellar'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Decentralized exchange', 'Smart Contracts', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 20, 'name': 'Internet Computer', 'symbol': 'ICP', 'id': '8916', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/internet-computer/', 'slug': 'internet-computer', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'The Internet Computer is the world’s first blockchain that runs at web speed with unbounded capacity. It also represents the third major blockchain innovation, alongside Bitcoin and Ethereum — a blockchain computer that scales smart contract computation and data, runs them at web speed, processes and stores data efficiently, and provides powerful software frameworks to developers. By making this possible, the Internet Computer enables the complete reimagination of software — providing a revolutionary new way to build tokenized internet services, pan-industry platforms, decentralized financial systems, and even traditional enterprise systems and websites.\nThe project was founded in October 2016 by Dominic Williams, and attracted notable interest from the crypto community. DFINITY raised a total of $121 million from contributors such as Andreessen Horowitz, Polychain Capital, SV Angel, Aspect Ventures, Electric Capital, ZeroEx, Scalar Capital, and Multicoin Capital, and several notable early Ethereum supporters. In 2018, over 50,000 registerter participants received ICP utility tokens in an airdrop. On December 18, 2020, DFINITY launched the alpha mainnet of the Internet Computer. In a final step towards decentralization, on May 10, 2021, DFINITY launched the Internet Computer into the public domain. This major milestone means that the internet now functions as a decentralized global computer — marked by the release of all of the Internet Computer’s source code into the public domain, as well as ICP utility token allowing tens of thousands of community members to govern the Internet Computer network.Dominic Williams is the Founder and Chief Scientist of DFINITY. He is a crypto theoretician, responsible for inventing Threshold Relay, Probabilistic Slot Consensus, and other novel crypto techniques, serial entrepreneur, and early member of the Bitcoin and Ethereum technical communities. Previously, he was President and CTO of String Labs, an incubator for venture-backed crypto projects, early pioneer of DeFi at Mirror Labs, and Founder and CEO of Fight My Monster, a MMO game for children that scaled to millions of users. He also founded several startups such as System7, Airdocs and Smartdrivez. Graduated King’s College London 1st in Class in Computer Science.The Internet Computer was incubated and launched by the DFINITY Foundation, a not-for profit scientific research organization based in Zurich, Switzerland, comprised of the world’s top cryptographers and distributed systems and programming language experts, with nearly 100,000 academic citations and 200 patents collectively. Notable technologists at DFINITY include:\n* Jan Camenisch, PhD (VP of Research) - world-renowned cryptographer & privacy researcher, led IBM’s Cryptography / Research department for 19 years\n* Andreas Rossberg, PhD (Principal Engineer and Researcher) - the co-creator of WebAssembly and former team lead for the Google Chrome V8 engine\n* Ben Lynn, PhD (Sr Staff Engineer and Researcher) - world-renowned cryptographer and Google Engineer, the “L” in BLS cryptography, the key signature system being used in Ethereum 2.0\n* Jens Groth, PhD (Principal Researcher) - world-renowned cryptographer, known for pioneering non-interactive zero knowledge proofs\n* Timo Hanke, PhD (Principal Researcher) - creator of AsicBoost, one of the few proven algorithmic optimizations for Bitcoin mining\n* Paul Liu, PhD (Staff Engineer) - architected Intel’s Haskell compiler and received his PhD under Paul Hudak, a key designer of Haskell\n* Johan Georg Granström, PhD (Director of Engineering) - former Sr Staff Software Engineer at Google responsible for scaling YouTube system infrastructure\nAfter public launch on May 10, 2021, the DFINITY Foundation will now be one of many organizations committed to improving and maintaining the Internet Computer network.The purpose of the Internet Computer is to extend the public internet, so it can also be the world’s compute platform. Today, the internet is a network that connects everybody and everything, but systems and services currently run from private infrastructure.\nThe scientific breakthrough behind the Internet Computer is Chain Key Technology, which encompasses dozens of advanced technology such as novel Consensus, Non-Interactive Distributed Key Generation (NI-DKG), Network Nervous System (NNS), Internet Identity, etc.\nChain Key Technology consists of a set of cryptographic protocols that orchestrate the nodes that make up the Internet Computer. It is one of the fundamental breakthroughs behind the Internet Computer, enabling it to have a single public key. This is a huge advantage because it allows any device, including smart watches and mobile phones, to verify the authenticity of artifacts from the Internet Computer. In contrast, this is not possible for traditional blockchains.\nThe single public key is just the tip of the iceberg: Chain Key Technology is the engine that drives the Internet Computer and makes its operation possible. It allows for adding new nodes to form new subnets to scale the network infinitely; replacing faulty or crashed nodes with new ones without ever stopping; reviving subnets even if too many nodes within have failed; and upgrading the Internet Computer Protocol seamlessly, allowing the network to fix bugs and add new features.\nThe DFINITY R&D team has invented a new noninteractive key resharing protocol. Each of the old signers only needs to broadcast a single message to the new signers. To ensure that this is done securely, many concepts from advanced cryptography are utilized, including encryption with forward secrecy and noninteractive zero-knowledge proofs. Because it is noninteractive, the way the key resharing protocol operates is ideal for an asynchronous environment, and the benefits include key preservation. Throughout the lifetime of a subnet, it is known by a single public key, and the other parties on the Internet Computer do not have to keep track of changing public keys.At Genesis on May 10, 2021, the Internet Computer is supported by 48 independent data centers — located across North America, Europe, and Asia — running 1,300 nodes. The network will continue to grow exponentially to support the next generation of mega dapps, with 123 data centers running 4,300 nodes scheduled by the end of the year, and eventually thousands of data centers running millions of nodes to support the decade-long building out of the Open Internet.\nImportantly, anyone can become a node provider, interested parties apply for a Data Center ID (DCID) to the Network Nervous System (NNS), procure specialized machine nodes, install the ICP protocol, and connects to the Internet Computer network.The scientific breakthrough called Chain Key Technology allows the Internet Computer to run at web speed — where query calls execute in milliseconds, and update calls take 1-2 seconds to finalize. More importantly, at Genesis, the Internet Computer will have a block rate of 2.5 blocks per second (bps), then quickly to an industry leading bps of 10.3 bps, and ~1,000 bps by end of the year.\nIn the case of an open version of Reddit running on the Internet Computer, when a user browses the forum, customized views of the hosted content would be formulated and served into their web browser by the execution of query calls, which run in milliseconds on a nearby node, providing a fantastic user experience. But when a user wishes to occasionally make a post, or provide a tip of tokens to the author of a post, this would involve update calls, which would take 1–2 seconds.ICP are native utility tokens that play three key roles in the network:Cycles power computation in the role of fuel. They also have a constant value over the long-term, which contrasts with ICP, whose value will naturally vary over time. Moreover, Cycles will be pegged to the SDR, which is a logical currency unit defined by the International Monetary Fund, and 1 SDR worth of ICP can be converted into exactly one trillion Cycles to power computation.A neuron locks a balance of ICP utility tokens and enables its owner to participate in network governance, through which they can earn voting rewards.There will be 469,213,710 ICP tokens at Genesis.\nCirculating supply depends on the dynamics of the market. However, it is approximated to be 26% at Genesis.\nGenesis Initial State Token AllocationsThe NNS works by receiving proposals and deciding to adopt or reject them based on voting activity by neurons; that network participants have created. Neurons are also used by participants to submit new proposals. After submission, proposals are either adopted or rejected, which can happen almost immediately or after some delay, depending on how the totality of neurons vote.Coinbase, Huobi and OKEx have announced they will list Internet Computer utility tokens (ICP) when the Internet Computer launches on May 10 at 9AM PT / May 11 12AM China Time. The Internet Computer launched with several high profile entrepreneurs and applications being built on it. These include:', 'website': 'https://dfinity.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/dfinity', 'whitepaper': 'https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/interface-spec/index.html', 'other_links': ['dfinity.org', 'https://forum.dfinity.org', 'https://t.me/DFinity'], 'explorers': ['dfinityexplorer.org'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'thereboot.com', 'https://twitter.com/dfinity', 'https://reddit.com/r/dfinity'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Distributed Computing', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 21, 'name': 'Ethereum Classic', 'symbol': 'ETC', 'id': '1321', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum-classic/', 'slug': 'ethereum-classic', 'max_supply': '210,700,000', 'about': "Ethereum Classic (ETC) is a hard fork of Ethereum (ETH) that launched in July 2016. Its main function is as a smart contract network, with the ability to host and support decentralized applications (DApps). Its native token is ETC.Since its launch, Ethereum Classic has sought to differentiate itself from Ethereum, with the two networks’ technical roadmap diverging further and further from each other with time.Ethereum Classic first set out to preserve the integrity of the existing Ethereum blockchain after a major hacking event led to the theft of 3.6 million ETH.Ethereum Classic is in fact the legacy chain of Ethereum, and its true creators are therefore the original Ethereum developers — Vitalik Buterin and Gavin Wood.A contentious hard fork on Ethereum occurred in July 2016, when participants disagreed over whether to revert the blockchain to cancel out the effects of a major hack. This impacted The DAO, a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) which had raised approximately $150 million in an initial coin offering (ICO) several months earlier.Ethereum Classic came into being as the network which did not revert the chain. Developers state that there is no “official” team attached to the project, and that its “global development community is a permissionless 'do-ocracy,' where anyone can participate.” Ethereum Classic’s main aim is to preserve the Ethereum blockchain as it originally was, without artificially countering the DAO hack.Its appeal was first to those who disagreed with Ethereum’s response, but the legacy network has since gained a wider fan base, which include major investors such as Barry Silbert, CEO of investment firm Grayscale. As a voluntary organization, the developers of ETC do not aim to turn the network into a for-profit entity. Users pay transaction fees as with Ethereum, and miners collect them based on work done as per the proof-of-work (PoW) mining algorithm.Unlike Ethereum, Ethereum Classic has no plans to convert to a proof-of-stake (PoS) mining algorithm, while multiple developers continue to work on future improvements such as scaling solutions. Read more about Ethereum here.Read more about Bitcoin Cash here.New to cryptocurrency? Find all the information you need with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource. ETC began in a very similar technical state to ETH, with the exception of how the DAO hack transactions were handled.Since launch, however, changes in tokenomics have occurred, with participants voting to cap the supply of ETC in December 2017. The maximum supply is thus 210,700,000 ETC, roughly ten times that of Bitcoin (BTC), while ETH has no cap.ETC uses a PoW mining algorithm, which functions like Bitcoin — miners are rewarded with new coins for validating the blockchain in competition with each other. The ETC block reward decreases with time, with the next drop due at block 15,000,000, roughly in April 2022 — from 3.2 ETC to 2.56 ETC per block.The Ethereum Classic network is secured using proof-of-work, but as a minority chain, it has suffered regular attacks itself.These include several 51% attacks to gain control of mining hashrate and execute spurious transactions and double spend coins, the most recent of which occurred in August 2020.ETC is a major market cap cryptocurrency and is freely tradable on a large number of major exchanges. Pairs are available against stablecoins, other cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies, while derivatives and institutional investment vehicles also exist. Exchanges that let you buy Ethereum Classic include Binance, OKEx and Huobi Global.Crypto newbie? Read our easy guide to buying Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrency.", 'website': 'https://ethereumclassic.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ethereumclassic', 'other_links': ['ethereumclassic.org', 'https://discord.gg/HW4GckH', 'https://telegram.me/ethclassic'], 'explorers': ['blockscout.com', 'expedition.dev', 'etc.tokenview.com', 'etcblockexplorer.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/eth_classic', 'https://reddit.com/r/EthereumClassic'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'Ethash'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Smart Contracts', 'DCG Portfolio'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 22, 'name': 'VeChain', 'symbol': 'VET', 'id': '3077', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/vechain/', 'slug': 'vechain', 'max_supply': '86,712,634,466', 'about': "VeChain (VET) is a blockchain-powered supply chain platform. Begun in 2015 and launched in June 2016, VeChain aims to use distributed governance and Internet of Things (IoT) technology to create an ecosystem which solves some of the major problems with supply chain management.The platform uses two in-house tokens, VET and VTHO, to manage and create value based on its VeChainThor public blockchain.The idea is to boost the efficiency, traceability and transparency of supply chains while reducing costs and placing more control in the hands of individual users.VeChain is the product of creator and co-founder Sunny Lu, an IT executive who was formerly CIO of Louis Vuitton China. Lu has since become a well-known name within the cryptocurrency industry. He has drawn attention to the ability of blockchain technology to solve transparency in particular, arguing that it can create “trust-free” structures which do not suffer from corruption as part of the supply chain.Fellow co-founder Jay Zhang, who directs VeChain's global corporate structure, governance, and financial management, previously worked for both Deloitte and PriceWaterhouseCoopers in the finance and risk management sphere. Having launched in June 2016, VeChain is one of the oldest dedicated blockchain supply chain platforms on the market.VeChain exists to disrupt traditional supply chain models, an industry which before blockchain had remained little changed over the decades.Using transparent technology with no single point of weakness or control allows for greater security, efficiency and ease of tracking products in a given supply chain, while reducing cost through trustless automation.VeChain’s model thus appeals to businesses looking to reduce supply chain friction and give a more transparent impression to clients.VeChain’s official literature notes that its unique proposition lies in its dual-token setup, among other features. In-house token fees combine with charges for various services to generate operating income for the company, while token holders can engage in activities such as staking, thus providing liquidity in return for rewards.Read more about Orchid here.Read more about PIVX here.New to cryptocurrency? Check out Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education suite.VeChain has two in-house tokens: VeChain (VET) and VeThor (VTHO). Described as a unique offering for such a platform, the dual-token system is designed to avoid fee fluctuations and network congestion.VET is the token used for transactions and other activities, while VTHO provides fee payments and thus functions as a “gas token,” similar to how gas functions for Ethereum (ETH) transactions.VET holders automatically generate a small amount of passive income in VTHO, while 70% of the VTHO used in a VET payment is destroyed. VTHO is generated based on VET holdings, while VET itself has a maximum fixed supply of 86,712,634,466 tokens. VeChain (VET) is a proof-of-stake token, and VeChain itself explains that relatively low computing power is required to achieve network security and maintain user consensus. A separate feature, proof-of-authority, involves authority masternode operators maintaining the protocol in their own interest according to rules laid down by parent organization, the VeChain Foundation.VET is a freely-tradable token available on major exchanges, while markets also exist for VTHO.VET had major markets on Binance and Huobi Global among other platforms, with pairs for cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and fiat currencies.If you’re new to cryptocurrency and want to know how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) or any other token, you can read more here.", 'other_links': ['www.vechain.org', 'www.vechain.com', 'https://t.me/vechain_official_english', 'https://t.me/joinchat/GG4BlQwm19czcBGOewv40Q'], 'explorers': ['explore.vechain.org', 'insight.vecha.in', 'explorer.vtho.net'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/vechainofficial', 'https://reddit.com/r/vechain'], 'property': ['Logistics', 'Data Provenance', 'IoT', 'Smart Contracts', 'Fenbushi Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 23, 'name': 'Dai', 'symbol': 'DAI', 'id': '4943', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/multi-collateral-dai/', 'slug': 'multi-collateral-dai', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'http://www.makerdao.com/', 'other_links': ['www.makerdao.com'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'polygonscan.com', 'blockchair.com', 'blockscout.com', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': [], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Stablecoin', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Avalanche Ecosystem', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Ethereum']} ,
{'rank': 24, 'name': 'Filecoin', 'symbol': 'FIL', 'id': '2280', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/filecoin/', 'slug': 'filecoin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Filecoin is a decentralized storage system that aims to “store humanity’s most important information.” The project raised $205 million in an initial coin offering (ICO) in 2017, and initially planned a launch date for mid-2019. However, the launch date for the Filecoin mainnet was pushed back until block 148,888, which is expected in mid-October 2020.The project was first described back in 2014 as an incentive layer for the Interplanetary File System (IPFS), a peer-to-peer storage network. Filecoin is open protocol and backed by a blockchain that records commitments made by the network’s participants, with transactions made using FIL, the blockchain’s native currency. The blockchain is based on both proof-of-replication and proof-of-spacetime.Filecoin was founded by Juan Benet, who also created the Interplanetary File System. Benet is an American computer scientist who studied at Stanford University. After founding Protocol Labs in May 2014, he attended Y Combinator in the summer of 2014 with the intention of supporting both IPFS and Filecoin, as well as other projects.Filecoin aims to store data in a decentralized manner. Unlike cloud storage companies like Amazon Web Services or Cloudflare, which are prone to the problems of centralization, Filecoin leverages its decentralized nature to protect the integrity of a data’s location, making it easily retrievable and hard to censor. Decentralized storage systems like Filecoin allow people to be their own custodians of their data, as well as makes the web more accessible to people worldwide. Since participating in the Filecoin network by mining and storing is directly related to winning more block rewards, Filecoin incentives participants to act honestly and store as much data as possibleCheck out CMC Alexandria’ deep dive into Filecoin.We’ve also prepared a list of the 5 things that decentralized storage aims to fix.See terms you don’t know? Check out our glossary on Alexandria.Protocol Labs describes Filecoin’s tokenomics, or economic model, as a “market for data” where users can sell their storage space to other users, who are looking to rent. Five stakeholders will be able to trade tokens: developers, clients, miners, token holders and ecosystem partners. There will also be three Filecoin markets, according to Protocol Labs: file storage, file retrieval and on-exchange token trading. In fall 2020, 400 miners participated in what was called the “Space Race” testnet phase, increasing Filecoin’s network data capacity by over 325 pebibytes; approximately 3.5 million FIL tokens will be released to the Space Race participants.Filecoin is secured through proof-of-replication and proof-of-spacetime. In the Filecoin network, nodes that are also known as retrieval miners are in competition to serve clients with data as quickly as they can. They are then rewarded with FIL fees, which encourages a network of nodes that want to replicate and preserve files. Storage miner nodes are constantly competing for contracts to provide storage to clients to a specific length of time. When a storage miner and their client agree on a deal, the storage miner holds the client’s data in a sector and “seals” it to create a unique copy of that sector’s data. Storage miners are rewarded with FIL by clients as deal fees, and these miners can also mine blocks and receive a block reward.Ahead of the Filecoin mainnet launch, Gemini and Kraken have announced support for FIL. Huobi will list FIL after the mainnet goes live.For more information about buying crypto, see CoinMarketCap’s easy guide here.', 'website': 'https://filecoin.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.filecoin.io/', 'other_links': ['filecoin.io'], 'explorers': ['filfox.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'filecoin.io', 'https://twitter.com/protocollabs'], 'property': ['Distributed Computing', 'Filesharing', 'Storage', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', 'Winklevoss Capital', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 25, 'name': 'TRON', 'symbol': 'TRX', 'id': '1958', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tron/', 'slug': 'tron', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'TRON is a blockchain-based operating system that aims to ensure this technology is suitable for daily use. Whereas Bitcoin can handle up to six transactions per second, and Ethereum up to 25, TRON claims that its network has capacity for 2,000 TPS.This project is best described as a decentralized platform focused on content sharing and entertainment — and to this end, one of its biggest acquisitions was the file sharing service BitTorrent back in 2018.Overall, TRON has divided its goals into six phases. These include delivering simple distributed file sharing, driving content creation through financial rewards, allowing content creators to launch their own personal tokens and decentralizing the gaming industry.TRON is also one of the most popular blockchains for building DApps.TRON was founded by Justin Sun, who now serves as CEO. Educated at Peking University and the University of Pennsylvania, he was recognized by Forbes Asia in its 30 Under 30 series for entrepreneurs.Born in 1990, he was also associated with Ripple in the past — serving as its chief representative in the Greater China area.TRON has positioned itself as an environment where content creators can connect with their audiences directly. By eliminating centralized platforms — whether they are streaming services, app stores or music sites — it is hoped that creators won’t end up losing as much commission to middlemen. In turn, this could also make content less expensive for consumers. Given how the entertainment sector is increasingly becoming digitized, TRON could have a headstart in applying blockchain technology to this industry.The company also says that it has a talented and experienced developer team, based around the world, that has been drawn from major companies such as Ripple Labs.Last but not least, whereas some other blockchain projects can be opaque about their plans for development, TRON offers a point of difference by delivering a roadmap that shows its intentions for the coming years.Find out about BitTorrent Token (BTT)Nine things to know before investing in cryptocurrencyLearn about cryptocurrency with CMC AlexandriaRead the latest posts on the CoinMarketCap blogWhat Is A Crypto Faucet?TRON has a total supply of just over 100 billion tokens — and at the time of writing, about 71.6 billion of these are in circulation.When a token sale was held in 2017, 15.75 billion TRX was allocated to private investors, while an additional 40 billion were earmarked for initial coin offering participants. The Tron Foundation was given 34 billion, and a company owned by Justin Sun got 10 billion.All in all, this meant that 45% of TRX supply went to the founder and the project itself, while 55% was distributed among investors. Critics argue that this is a much higher ratio than what has been seen with other cryptocurrency projects.TRON uses a consensus mechanism that is known as delegated proof-of-stake.TRX owners can freeze their cryptocurrency in order to get Tron Power, which means that they can vote for “super representatives” who serve as block producers.These block producers receive TRX rewards in exchange for verifying transactions, and these rewards are then distributed among the people who voted for them.According to TRON, this approach helps its blockchain to achieve higher levels of throughput. It is possible to buy Tron from dozens of the exchanges it is listed on - including Poloniex, Bancor, KuCoin, Binance, Bitfinex, Coinbene and others. However, it is not supported by Coinbase.Learn about converting your fiat to Bitcoin here — the perfect gateway to purchasing altcoins.', 'website': 'https://tron.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/tronprotocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://developers.tron.network/docs', 'other_links': ['tron.network', 'http://t.me/tronnetworkEN'], 'explorers': ['tronscan.org', 'www.trxplorer.io', 'trx.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/justinsuntron', 'https://reddit.com/r/Tronix'], 'property': ['Media', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 26, 'name': 'EOS', 'symbol': 'EOS', 'id': '1765', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/eos/', 'slug': 'eos', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'EOS is a platform that’s designed to allow developers to build decentralized apps (otherwise known as DApps for short.)The project’s goal is relatively simple: to make it as straightforward as possible for programmers to embrace blockchain technology — and ensure that the network is easier to use than rivals. As a result, tools and a range of educational resources are provided to support developers who want to build functional apps quickly.Other priorities include delivering greater levels of scalability than other blockchains, some of which can only handle less than a dozen transactions per second.EOS also aims to improve the experience for users and businesses. While the project tries to deliver greater security and less friction for consumers, it also vies to unlock flexibility and compliance for enterprises.The blockchain launched back in June 2018.The EOS platform was developed by the company Block.one, and its white paper was authored by Daniel Larimer and Brendan Blumer.Both men continue to be members of Block.one’s executive team, with Blumer serving as CEO and Daniel Larimer as CTO.Blumer is a serial entrepreneur, and one of his earliest ventures involved selling virtual assets for video games. He went on to co-found Okay.com, a digitally focused real estate agency in Hong Kong.Larimer is a software programmer who has also started a series of crypto ventures. They include the crypto trading platform BitShares and the Steem blockchain.The pair met in 2016 and formed Block.one the following year.To an extent, you could argue that EOS aims to create familiarity for its users. Whereas EOS.IO is probably best compared to an operating system like Windows or iOS, EOS is the cryptocurrency that drives the network.According to the company, it has the capacity to accommodate the demands of hundreds, if not thousands, of DApps — even if they were being used by substantial numbers of people. Parallel execution, as well as a modular approach, are said to drive this efficiency.In a unique twist, token holders have the ability to vote for block producers — as well as other matters such as protocol upgrades.Unfortunately, some of the most distinguishing features of EOS are those that certain critics dislike the least. There are those that argue that extensive Block.one’s involvement with this project means it’s rather centralized — and some argue this is the opposite of what blockchains and cryptocurrencies were meant to achieve.Basics, how-to guides and deep dives: Learn about crypto with CMC AlexandriaFind out the meaning of crypto and blockchain terms in our glossaryWhat is Steem?CoinMarketCap Blog: In-depth news, features and analysisThere are 936 million EOS coins in circulation at the time of writing, and a total supply of 1.02 billion tokens.Block.one held an initial coin offering for EOS back in June 2017 and it lasted for a year — that’s substantially longer than many of the ICOs seen at the time.A total of $4.02 billion was raised in the process, and investors from the U.S. were unable to take part. Looking at the breakdown of how tokens were distributed, 10% were allocated to the founders, while 90% were distributed among investors. It is worth noting that Block.one won’t receive this allocation straightaway — instead, it’ll happen over a 10-year period.EOS uses a delegated proof-of-stake consensus mechanism. This concept was conceived by Larimer, and aims to solve some of the flaws that are seen in PoW and PoS systems.As we briefly explained earlier, those who own EOS tokens are able to vote for representatives who will be responsible for validating transactions. One of the advantages is that this helps eliminate consolidation, where smaller miners are pushed out by those who have greater levels of computing power and resources.It is possible to buy EOS through Binance, Coinbase, Kraken and countless other exchanges. Given how widely used it is in the crypto industry, you’ll probably be hard pressed to find a trading platform that doesn’t support it. Some services will allow you to use fiat currencies to make a purchase, either through a bank transfer or a credit card. Find out more about fiat on-ramps here.', 'website': 'https://eos.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/eosio', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/EOSIO/Documentation/blob/master/TechnicalWhitePaper.md', 'other_links': ['eos.io', 'https://t.me/joinchat/AAAAAEQbOeucnaMWN0A9dQ'], 'explorers': ['bloks.io', 'eosflare.io', 'eospark.com', 'www.eosx.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/block_one_', 'https://reddit.com/r/EOS'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Smart Contracts', 'Fenbushi Capital Portfolio', 'Galaxy Digital Portfolio'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 27, 'name': 'Monero', 'symbol': 'XMR', 'id': '328', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/monero/', 'slug': 'monero', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Monero was launched in 2014, and its goal is simple: to allow transactions to take place privately and with anonymity. Even though it’s commonly thought that BTC can conceal a person’s identity, it’s often easy to trace payments back to their original source because blockchains are transparent. On the other hand, XMR is designed to obscure senders and recipients alike through the use of advanced cryptography.The team behind Monero say privacy and security are their biggest priorities, with ease of use and efficiency coming second. It aims to provide protection to all users — irrespective of how technologically competent they are.Overall, XMR aims to allow payments to be made quickly and inexpensively without fear of censorship.Seven developers were initially involved in creating Monero — five of whom decided to remain anonymous. There have been rumors that XMR was also invented by Satoshi Nakamoto, the inventor of Bitcoin.XMR’s origins can be traced back to Bytecoin, a privacy-focused and decentralized cryptocurrency that was launched in 2012. Two years later, a member of the Bitcointalk forum — only known as thankfulfortoday — forked BCN’s codebase, and Monero was born. They had suggested “controversial changes” to Bytecoin that others in the community disagreed with and decided to take matters into their own hands.It’s believed that hundreds of developers have contributed to XMR over the years.There are several things that make Monero unique. One of the project’s biggest aims is achieving the greatest level of decentralization possible, meaning that a user doesn’t need to trust anyone else on the network.Privacy is achieved through a few distinctive features. Whereas each Bitcoin in circulation has its own serial number, meaning that cryptocurrency usage can be monitored, XMR is completely fungible. By default, details about senders, recipients and the amount of crypto being transferred are obscured — and Monero advocates says this offers an upper hand over rival privacy coins such as Zcash, which are “selectively transparent.”Obfuscation is achieved through the use of ring signatures. Here, past transaction outputs are picked from the blockchain and act as decoys, meaning that outside observers can’t tell who signed it. If Ian was sending 200 XMR to Susan, this amount could also be split into random chunks to add a further level of difficulty.To ensure that transactions cannot be linked to one another, stealth addresses are created for every single transaction that are only used once.All of these distinctive features have led to XMR being increasingly used for illicit transactions instead of Bitcoin — especially on darknet markets. Governments around the world, especially the U.S., have also offered hundreds of thousands of dollars to anyone who can crack Monero’s code.Related Pages:Find out about Zcash, another privacy coinAll you need to know about the basics of cryptoWhat is a ring signature?CoinMarketCap Blog: Interviews with top crypto influencersMonero is slightly unusual as a token sale wasn’t held for XMR — and no tokens were premined either. At the time of writing, the circulating supply of XMR stands at 17,703,471.This cryptocurrency is designed to be resistant to application-specific integrated circuits, which are commonly used for mining new Bitcoin. In theory, this means that it can be possible to mine XMR using everyday computing equipment.Overall, there will eventually be a total of 18.4 million XMR in circulation — and this cap is expected to be reached on May 31, 2022. After this, miners will be incentivized using “tail emissions,” with a small amount of XMR being fed into the system every 60 seconds as a reward. It is believed this approach is more effective than relying on transaction fees.One of Monero’s main goals has to prevent centralization — and this network uses a consensus mechanism called CryptoNight, which is based on proof-of-work. This prevents large mining farms from becoming a dominant force. Because of its nature as a privacy coin, XMR isn’t listed on some major exchanges. For example, although you can buy XMR on Binance, it isn’t supported by Coinbase. As a result, you may need to convert your fiat into Bitcoin and go through a smaller trading platform. This guide helps explain how you can convert fiat currencies into crypto with ease.', 'website': 'https://www.getmonero.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/monero-project/monero', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/blob/master/whitepaper/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.getmonero.org', 'https://telegram.me/monero'], 'explorers': ['moneroblocks.info', 'chainradar.com', 'xmr.tokenview.com', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.getmonero.org', 'forum.monero.space', 'https://twitter.com/monero', 'https://reddit.com/r/monero'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Privacy', 'RingCT', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'Galaxy Digital Portfolio'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 28, 'name': 'SHIBA INU', 'symbol': 'SHIB', 'id': '5994', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/shiba-inu/', 'slug': 'shiba-inu', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Shiba Inu coin was created anonymously in August 2020 under the pseudonym “Ryoshi.” The meme coin quickly gained speed and value as a community of investors was drawn in by the cute charm of the coin paired with headlines and Tweets from personalities like Elon Musk and Vitalik Buterin. Shiba Inu aimed to be the Ethereum-based counterpart to Dogecoin’s Srypt-based mining algorithm. Shiba Inu and the SHIB token are part of a swarm of dog-themed cryptocurrencies, including Baby Dogecoin (BabyDoge), Dogecoin (DOGE), JINDO INU (JIND), Alaska Inu (LAS), and Alaskan Malamute Token (LASM). These lesser-valued tokens have attracted investors who missed the Dogecoin pump from 0.0002 to nearly 0.75 USD. Once upon a time, there was a very special dog. That dog was a shiba inu, and this dog inspired millions of people around the world to invest money into tokens with the dog’s image on it.According to the SHIBA INU website, SHIB is the “DOGECOIN KILLER” and will be listed on their own ShibaSwap, a decentralized exchange. The SHIBA INU WoofPaper has three reasons why their team created SHIB:The SHIBA INU website invites dog-inspired artists from all over the world to foster the “artistic Shiba movement” as they bring their SHIBA INU community into the NFT market.SHIBA INU has also created a campaign using Amazon Smile in order to collect donations for rescue real, live Shiba Inu dogs with the Shiba Inu Rescue Association. Learn more about Dogecoin.Learn more about Dogelon Mars.Learn more about the dog-related meme-coin craze.The SHIBA INU website notes that they locked 50% of the total token supply on Uniswap, and “threw away the keys!” The remaining 50% was “burned to Vitalik Buterin.”There are several other tokens described on the SHIBA INU website — LEASH, which has “been unleashed and will not rebase,” BONE, the “Dogecoin Killer” (which is not yet available as of May 2021).The WoofPaper notes that you will use SHIB to DIG for BONES or ShibaSwap, or even BURY your tokens. “Trainers” can teach their Shibas to SWAP tokens as well — all of these actions create “Returns” that are put into the Puppy Pools, where the #SHIBARMY has the option of BURYING or DIGGING for BONES.According to 22-page-long SHIB’s WoofPaper, SHIB is based on Ethereum, a proof-of-work blockchain currently transitioning to proof-of-stake.SHIB is listed on Huobi, Binance, Gate.io, Uniswap and OKEx, among other exchanges.For more information about how to buy crypto with fiat, check out CoinMarketCap’s guide here.', 'website': 'https://shibatoken.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/shytoshikusama/shibawoofpaper/raw/main/SHIBAINU_Ecosystem_WOOF_Paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['shibatoken.com', 'http://t.me/shibainuthedogecoinkiller', 'https://discord.com/invite/CbkmbPt'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/shibtoken', 'https://reddit.com/r/SHIBArmy'], 'property': ['Memes', 'Doggone Doggerel']} ,
{'rank': 29, 'name': 'Aave', 'symbol': 'AAVE', 'id': '7278', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/aave/', 'slug': 'aave', 'max_supply': '16,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://github.com/aave', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/aave', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/aave/aave-protocol/blob/master/docs/Aave_Protocol_Whitepaper_v1_0.pdf', 'other_links': ['aave.com', 'ethlend.io', 'https://aave.com/discord', 'https://t.me/Aavesome'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'explorer-mainnet.maticvigil.com', 'scan.hecochain.com', 'ftmscan.com', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/AaveAave', 'https://reddit.com/r/Aave_Official'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Governance', 'Lending / Borrowing', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'DeFiance Capital', 'Framework Ventures', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'ParaFi capital', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 30, 'name': 'Crypto.com Coin', 'symbol': 'CRO', 'id': '3635', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/crypto-com-coin/', 'slug': 'crypto-com-coin', 'max_supply': '30,263,013,692', 'about': 'Crypto.com Coin (CRO) is the native cryptocurrency token of Crypto.com Chain — a decentralized, open-source blockchain developed by the Crypto.com payment, trading and financial services company.Crypto.com Chain is one of the products in Crypto.com’s lineup of solutions designed to accelerate the global adoption of cryptocurrencies as a means of increasing personal control over money, safeguarding user data and protecting users’ identities. The CRO blockchain serves primarily as a vehicle that powers the Crypto.com Pay mobile payments app.In the future, Crypto.com plans to expand the reach of the CRO platform to power its other products as well.CRO went live in November-December 2018.Crypto.com Coin was launched by the Crypto.com company as part of its vision of “putting cryptocurrency in every wallet.” Crypto.com itself was founded in June 2016 as “Monaco Technologies GmbH” by Kris Marszalek, Rafael Melo, Gary Or and Bobby Bao.Kris Marszalek, an alum of the Polish Adam Mickiewicz University, has founded and headed three companies prior to starting Crypto.com: consumer electronics design and manufacturing business Starline Polska, location-based service mobile app and platform YIYI and the e-commerce firm BEECRAZY.Rafael Melo earned his bachelor’s degree in engineering from the PUC-Rio. Over his more than 15-year-long career in finance, Melo has worked with major companies in Asia and helped secure over 50 million AUD in funding for the Ensogo social commerce website.Gary Or is a software engineer with over nine years of fullstack engineering experience. Prior to co-founding Crypto.com, Or worked as platform architect at Ensogo and co-founded the mobile app development firm Foris. He received his bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science from the University of Hong Kong.Before helping launch Crypto.com, Bobby Bao worked in the M&A department of the China Renaissance investment bank. Bao has studied at the University of Melbourne, NYU Stern School of Business and the College of William & Mary.CRO blockchain is mainly focused on providing utility to the users of Crypto.com’s payment, trading and financial services solutions.CRO owners can stake their coins on the Crypto.com Chain to act as a validator and earn fees for processing transactions on the network. Additionally, CRO coins can be used to settle transaction fees on the Crypto.com Chain.Within the framework of the Crypto.com Pay payments app, users can get cashback of up to 20% by paying merchants in CRO and up to 10% by purchasing gift cards and making peer-to-peer transfers to other users.When it comes to trading use cases, the Crypto.com App allows users to earn token rewards for select listings by staking CRO.Additionally, users can earn annual interest of up to 10-12% on their Crypto.com Coins by staking them on either the Crypto.com Exchange app or Crypto.com’s metal Visa Card.Overall, CRO acts as an instrument that powers Crypto.com’s drive to increase the adoption of cryptocurrencies on a global scale. As such, the company is continuously working on finding and developing new use cases that will allow users to leverage the cryptocurrency to enhance the control they have over their money, data and identities.Learn about BNB and HT, two other popular tokens designed to power and incentivize the use of their parent platforms.Check out CMC Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s educational portal.The total supply of CRO is limited to 100 billion coins, all of which were created when the blockchain went live — making it a non-mineable cryptocurrency. Crypto.com did not rely on pre-sales, public-sales or an initial coin offering (ICO) — instead, the coins will only be distributed via secondary distribution.The total supply of CRO will be allocated for five different purposes:CRO is built on top of Ethereum’s (ETH) blockchain according to the ERC-20 compatibility standard, which means that its network is secured by the Ethash function.CRO coins are available at multiple cryptocurrency exchanges, some of which are:', 'website': 'https://www.crypto.com/en/chain', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.crypto.com/images/chain_whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.crypto.com/en/chain', 'https://t.me/CryptoComOfficial', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/B6cZahJ'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'eth.tokenview.com', 'crypto.org'], 'community': ['blog.crypto.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/cryptocom', 'https://reddit.com/r/Crypto_com'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Centralized exchange', 'Mobile', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 31, 'name': 'Bitcoin SV', 'symbol': 'BSV', 'id': '3602', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-sv/', 'slug': 'bitcoin-sv', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Bitcoin SV is the result of a lot of drama on the BTC blockchain.It all began when Bitcoin suffered a hard fork in 2017 — splitting the network and resulting in the creation of a new altcoin called Bitcoin Cash.A year later, in 2018, Bitcoin Cash suffered a hard fork of its own, and Bitcoin SV was born.Bitcoin SV (SV stands for Satoshi Vision) bills itself as the original Bitcoin — a cryptocurrency that stays true to the goals of pseudonymous founder Satoshi Nakamoto. BSV’s main aims include delivering stability and achieving scalability, something that the original BTC blockchain has struggled to achieve.The project’s website says: “Bitcoin SV is intended to provide a clear choice for miners and allow businesses to build applications and websites on it reliably.”One person who has been closely associated with the creation of Bitcoin SV is the Australian entrepreneur Craig Wright, who himself has claimed to be Satoshi Nakamoto. He’s the founder of the fintech company nChain, and he lobbied in favour of the hard fork because he disagreed with upgrade proposals that had been put forward for BSV.The entrepreneur Calvin Ayre has also been a vocal supporter of Bitcoin SV, and has regularly sought investment opportunities in projects that have been built on top of the blockchain.There are several markets that BSV is hoping to target — and use cases it wants to achieve that advocates say the likes of Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash can’t provide.BTC is regarded by some as a speculative asset, rather than one that is well-suited to everyday payments. By contrast, BSV claims that it can “replace every payment system in the world with a better user experience, a cheaper merchant cost, and a safer level of security.”Bitcoin SV also wants to serve as an enterprise blockchain solution for companies who are interested in learning more about what this technology has to offer.When compared with its older siblings, BSV aims to stand out from a scalability perspective, too. Bitcoin SV claims it has a much bigger block size than its predecessors, and as a result, it can handle more transactions on a daily basis.Find out about BCH, the altcoin BSV forked fromHow does BSV compare with BTC and BSV in the rankings?Learn more about Bitcoin with CMC Alexandria’s crypto basicsBitcoin vs Bitcoin Cash vs Bitcoin SVAlthough BSV aims to offer some tangible improvements over BTC, there are some things that these two cryptocurrencies continue to have in common: their maximum supply of 21 million.Just like Bitcoin, Bitcoin SV also undergoes halvings, where block rewards for miners are cut by 50%. The only difference is that, whereas Bitcoin has now had three of these events – in 2012, 2016 and 2020 – Bitcoin SV has only had one.The similarities don’t end here. Bitcoin SV also uses the proof-of-work consensus mechanism. In case you’re unfamiliar with this concept, here’s a reminder: before a block can be added to a chain, miners must find the answer to a complex mathematical puzzle using their computing power. The miner who does this first gets a block reward, and this infrastructure helps to prevent malicious attacks. Bitcoin SV is listed on major exchanges including OKEx and Bitfinex — as well as dozens of smaller platforms. However, it is not listed on Binance. This company decided to delist BSV in 2019 because BSV didn’t meet its standards. To learn more about how you can convert fiat currencies into crypto, click here."', 'website': 'https://github.com/bitcoin-sv/bitcoin-sv', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bitcoin-sv/bitcoin-sv', 'other_links': ['bitcoinsv.com', 'bitcoinsv.io'], 'explorers': ['blockchair.com', 'www.oklink.com', 'bchsv.tokenview.com', 'explorer.viabtc.com'], 'community': ['bitcoinsv.io', 'https://twitter.com/BitcoinAssn'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'SHA-256'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Store of Value', 'State channels'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 32, 'name': 'Algorand', 'symbol': 'ALGO', 'id': '4030', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/algorand/', 'slug': 'algorand', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': "Algorand is a self-sustaining, decentralized, blockchain-based network that supports a wide range of applications. These systems are secure, scalable and efficient, all critical properties for effective applications in the real world. Algorand will support computations that require reliable performance guarantees to create new forms of trust.The Algorand mainnet became live in June 2019, and was able to handle almost 1 million transactions per day as of December 2020.Silvio Micali is a professor of computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the founder of Algorand. He is a recipient of the Turing Award (in 2012) for his fundamental contributions to the theory and practice of secure two-party computation, electronic cash, cryptocurrencies and blockchain protocols. This makes him one of the foremost creators of crypto in the world.Algorand was invented to speed up transactions and improve efficiency, in response to the slow transaction times of Bitcoin and other blockchains. Algorand is designed so that there are very lower transaction fees, as well as no mining (like Bitcoin's energy-intensive process), as it is based on a permissionless pure proof-of-stake blockchain protocol.Learn more about Ethereum.Learn more about Avalanche.Learn more about Web 3.0.Read CMC’s blog.The genesis of the Algorand blockchain states that 10 billion ALGO was minted. The distribution of the fixed and immutable 10 billion ALGO will end in 2030, rather than the initial plan of 2024. For more information about Algorand’s tokenomics, see here.The Algorand blockchain is a permissionless pure proof-of-stake blockchain protocol. Unlike proof-of-work blockchains, where the root block must be validated by randomly-selected validators (using computing power), in the pure proof-of-stake approach all of the validators are known to one another and only have to agree on the next block in order to create a new block.Algorand can be bought on the following exchanges:CoinbaseBinanceOKExKrakenHuobiLearn more about buying cryptocurrencies here.", 'website': 'https://algoexplorer.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/algorand', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.algorand.com/resources/white-papers', 'other_links': ['algorand.foundation', 'www.algorand.com', 'https://t.me/AlgorandFoundation', 'https://discord.gg/QBYp7Y2'], 'explorers': ['algoexplorer.io'], 'community': ['algorand.foundation', 'medium.com', 'forum.algorand.org', 'https://twitter.com/AlgoFoundation', 'https://reddit.com/r/AlgorandOfficial'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Research', 'Smart Contracts', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Kinetic Capital', 'USV Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 33, 'name': 'Tezos', 'symbol': 'XTZ', 'id': '2011', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tezos/', 'slug': 'tezos', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Tezos is a blockchain network that’s based on smart contracts, in a way that’s not too dissimilar to Ethereum. However, there’s a big difference: Tezos aims to offer infrastructure that is more advanced — meaning it can evolve and improve over time without there ever being a danger of a hard fork. This is something that both Bitcoin and Ethereum have suffered since they were created. People who hold XTZ can vote on proposals for protocol upgrades that have been put forward by Tezos developers.This open-source platform bills itself as “secure, upgradable and built to last” — and says its smart contract language provides the accuracy that is required for high-value use cases. According to Tezos, its approach means that it is futureproof and will “remain state-of-the-art long into the future,” meaning it can embrace developments in blockchain technology.The technology underpinning Tezos was first proposed in a white paper that was released in September 2014. After a series of delays, the Tezos mainnet launched four years later.Arthur Breitman was the man who wrote the Tezos white paper — and in a nod to Satoshi Nakamoto, he wrote his works under the pen name L. M. Goodman. He argued that one of Bitcoin’s biggest failings was the lack of a governance process that invited contributions from the community who use the network — as well as the fact that new tokens couldn’t be issued through this blockchain.He and his wife Kathleen founded a startup called Dynamic Ledger Solutions which was tasked with writing the code that would underpin the Tezos protocol. This company was subsequently purchased by the Tezos Foundation to ensure that it owned all of the intellectual property rights relating to the network.Although staking is common across blockchains, Tezos has a unique twist on this process. Participants can get involved with the network’s governance through “baking,” where they effectively stake 8,000 XTZ. This creates a financial incentive to act honestly.Bakers are then tasked with voting on proposed changes to the blockchain’s code in a four-step procedure that takes approximately 23 days. Proposals that receive support from the vast majority of participants are put through their paces on a testnet for 48 hours and are fully implemented if they are backed by a super-majority.Tezos is also unique because of how it has started to be used by high-profile businesses. In September 2020, it was announced that the French banking giant Societe Generale planned to use this blockchain for experimenting with a central bank digital currency.Big cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance and Coinbase have also unveiled support for Tezos staking, meaning users can receive rewards based on the XTZ that they hold. This is not a feature that’s seen too widely across digital assets.Related Pages:Read in-depth tech deep dives on CMC AlexandriaGlossary: What is staking?Discover which cryptos have recently been added to CMCCoinMarketCap Blog: The latest features and analysisA Deep Dive Into TezosOur data shows that 743,862,304 XTZ are in circulation at the time of writing.A token sale for Tezos was held back in July 2017 — and during this ICO, a total of 65,681 BTC and 361,122 ETH was raised. At the time, this was worth $232 million, securing its place as one of the largest initial coin offerings ever held.While 80% of this initial supply went to investors, 20% was split equally between the Tezos Foundation and Dynamic Ledger Solutions.The mainnet’s launch was delayed by a series of lawsuits from some disgruntled investors, who argued that XTZ amounted to unregistered securities.Like other blockchains, Tezos uses a proof-of-stake consensus mechanism.Anyone can become a validator and contribute to the smooth running of the network by making a security deposit. To incentivize honest behavior, rewards are given to those who work in the best interests of the blockchain — and those who act dishonestly risk losing their stake altogether.XTZ, otherwise known as “tez” for short, can be purchased from most major exchanges — including Binance, Coinbase and others. Trading pairs unite XTZ with fiat currencies, as well as other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. If you’re looking to convert fiat into Bitcoin, you can read a comprehensive guide here.Tezos Nodes is a reliability rating public Tezos Bakers and a service for monitoring the state of node performance for non-public Tezos Bakers.Working with the baking community, the team developed a baker reliability index that features 10 key indicators. This index will provide you with all the necessary info you need to choose a reliable public baker.', 'website': 'https://www.tezos.com/', 'source_code': 'https://gitlab.com/tezos/tezos', 'whitepaper': 'https://tezos.gitlab.io/', 'other_links': ['www.tezos.com', 'https://t.me/tezosplatform', 'https://riot.tzchat.org/'], 'explorers': ['tzstats.com', 'tezblock.io', 'tezos.id', 'tzkt.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['discord.gg', 'forum.tezosagora.org', 'https://twitter.com/tezos', 'https://reddit.com/r/tezos'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'Smart Contracts', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'Winklevoss Capital']} ,
{'rank': 34, 'name': 'Maker', 'symbol': 'MKR', 'id': '1518', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/maker/', 'slug': 'maker', 'max_supply': '1,005,577', 'about': 'Maker (MKR) is the governance token of the MakerDAO and Maker Protocol — respectively a decentralized organization and a software platform, both based on the Ethereum blockchain — that allows users to issue and manage the DAI stablecoin.Initially conceived in 2015 and fully launched in December 2017, Maker is a project whose task is to operate DAI, a community-managed decentralized cryptocurrency with a stable value soft-pegged to the US dollar.MKR tokens act as a kind of voting share for the organization that manages DAI; while they do not pay dividends to their holders, they do give the holders voting rights over the development of Maker Protocol and are expected to appreciate in value in accordance with the success of DAI itself.The Maker ecosystem is one of the earliest projects on the decentralized finance (DeFi) scene: the industry that seeks to build decentralized financial products on top of smart-contract-enabled blockchains, such as Ethereum.MakerDAO, the first entity inside the larger Maker ecosystem, was created in 2015 by Rune Christensen, an entrepreneur from Sealand, Denmark.Christensen graduated from Copenhagen University with a degree in biochemistry and studied international business at the Copenhagen Business School. Prior to MakerDAO, he co-founded and managed the Try China international recruiting company.As of October 2020, DAI is one of the most popular stablecoins (cryptocurrencies whose prices are pegged to the USD or another traditional currency). It is the 25th largest cryptocurrency at over $800 million in market capitalization and it has more active addresses than USDT — the largest stablecoin on the market.MKR’s unique proposition lies in the fact that it allows its holders to directly participate in the process of governing DAI. Every holder of Maker tokens has the right to vote on a number of changes to the Maker Protocol, with their voting power depending on the size of their MKR stake. Some of the aspects of the protocol the holders can vote on are:This ability to participate in the management of one of the largest stablecoins on the market is what drives the demand for MKR tokens and correspondingly affects their value.Find out more about USDT, another USD-pegged stable cryptocurrencyLearn more about stablecoins on CMC Alexandria, our educational portal.The issuance and removal of MKR from the system is governed by a complex system of interdependent mechanisms designed to ensure that DAI is always fully collateralized by other cryptocurrency assets and its soft peg to the USD is maintained. There is no hard-coded limit on the total supply of MKR.DAI’s value is secured by collateral — other cryptocurrencies that are deposited by users when minting new DAI tokens and stored in so-called vaults — smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain.During price downswings, the value of crypto stored in the vault might become insufficient to fully collateralize the corresponding amount of DAI. In that case, the Maker Protocol automatically initiates the liquidation of the vault’s contents, the proceeds of which it uses to cover that vault’s obligations. If the amount of DAI generated during the liquidation is not enough, the Maker Protocol mints new MKR tokens to sell and cover the remaining sum, thereby increasing the total supply.However, in some cases, the amount of DAI made from the auctions exceeds the necessary limit to ensure full collateralizations — then, it is used by the Maker Protocol to buy back and burn MKR tokens, decreasing their total supply.Thus, the supply of MKR is a dynamic value that changes depending on market conditions and the overall health of the DAI ecosystem. As of October 2020, the circulating supply of Maker tokens is about 1 million, worth more than $500 million.MKR is an ERC-20 token, meaning that it runs on and is secured by the Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum, in turn, is secured by its Ethash proof-of-work function.Maker token trading is available on such exchanges as:', 'website': 'https://makerdao.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://makerdao.com/en/whitepaper/#overview-of-the-dai-stablecoin-system', 'other_links': ['makerdao.com', 'https://t.me/makerdaoOfficial'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'eth.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/MakerDAO', 'https://reddit.com/r/MakerDAO'], 'property': ['Store of Value', 'DeFi', 'DAO', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Governance', 'Lending / Borrowing', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Paradigm XZY Screener']} ,
{'rank': 35, 'name': 'FTX Token', 'symbol': 'FTT', 'id': '4195', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ftx-token/', 'slug': 'ftx-token', 'max_supply': '339,228,639', 'about': "FTT is the native cryptocurrency token of the crypto derivatives trading platform FTX that launched on May 8, 2019.The team behind FTX comprises some of the largest crypto traders over the past few years who, having found issues with most mainstream crypto futures exchanges, decided to launch their own platform. FTX claims that it stands out due to such features as clawback prevention, a centralized collateral pool and universal stablecoin settlement.In regards to clawback prevention, a significant amount of customer funds on other derivative exchanges have been claimed by socialized losses. FTX reduces this by using a three-tiered liquidation model.On existing crypto futures exchanges, the collateral is fragmented across separate token wallets; this can be difficult for traders as it prevents positions from getting liquidated. On the other hand, FTX derivatives are stablecoin-settled and only require one universal margin wallet.Another feature of the FTT are leveraged tokens, which allow traders to put leveraged positions without the need to trade on margin. If a trader wants to short Bitcoin with 3x leverage, they can simply buy a 3x short Bitcoin leveraged token on FTX. These tokens are ERC20-compatible and can be listed on any spot exchange. FTX currently offers XRP, BNB, TRX, BTC, ETH, EOS, USDT and LEO leveraged tokens.The FTX Token or FTT was founded by Sam Bankman-Fried and Gary Wang.Sam Bankman-Fried is the co-founder and chief executive officer at FTX: Cryptocurrency Derivatives Exchange. He is also the CEO of Almeda Research and worked as a director of development at the Centre for Effective Altruism. He was also a trader at Jane Street Capital from 2014 to 2017.Bankman-Fried studied physics and has a bachelor’s degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Gary Wang is the co-founder and chief technology officer at FTX: Cryptocurrency Derivatives Exchange. He is also the chief technology officer at Almeda Research. Before this, he worked as a software engineer, after moving up from a software engineering intern at Google. He was also a software engineer intern at Facebook. He has a Bachelor's degree in mathematics and computer science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.FTX is backed by Almeda Research, which is known as one of the leading companies in crypto trading and one of the largest liquidity providers.As such, FTX is a product designed by professionals with confirmed expertise in the industry. They cover multiple services: from collateral to maintenance margin to liquidation processes and product listing. FTX also claims to be focused on fast development cycles, allowing them to deploy crypto trading systems at a competitive pace. Learn more about TomoChain.Learn more about Aave.Learn more about mining Monero.Discover a lot more crypto news on our CoinMarketCap blog.FTX is a cryptocurrency derivatives exchange that offers futures, leveraged tokens and OTC trading with a focus on institutional-grade solutions.The FTX Token is the backbone of the FTX ecosystem, which was designed to increase network effects and demand for FTT as well as decrease its circulating supply.FTT has a circulating supply of around 94 million tokens as of February 2021 and a total supply of about 345 million.FTT is an ERC-20-compatible exchange token. The Ledger Nano X/S hardware wallet allows users to securely store and manage the FTT tokens via its Ethereum app.Both the FTT and the leveraged tokens security audits are done by the Blockchain Consilium auditing firm.FTX Token or FTT can be purchased, sold and traded on several exchanges, including:Binance JEXHitBTCFTXHuobi GlobalBinanceIf this is your first time purchasing, trading, or selling Bitcoin, you can learn more about the process here.", 'website': 'https://t.me/FTX_Official', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u5MOkENoWP8PGcjuoKqRkNP5Gl1LLRB9JvAHwffQ7ec/view', 'other_links': ['ftx.com', 'help.ftx.com/hc/en-us/se...', 'https://t.me/FTX_Official'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'explorer.binance.org', 'blockchair.com', 'eth.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'blog.ftx.com', 'https://twitter.com/FTX_Official'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Centralized exchange', 'Derivatives', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 36, 'name': 'Klaytn', 'symbol': 'KLAY', 'id': '4256', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/klaytn/', 'slug': 'klaytn', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Launched in June 2019, Klaytn is a public blockchain platform providing an accessible user experience and development environment in order to convey the value of blockchain technology. The platform combines the best features of both public blockchains (decentralized data and control, distributed governance) and private blockchains (low latency, high scalability) via an efficient 'hybrid' design.Klaytn aims to bring blockchain technology to all types of users, from micro startups to enterprise divisions. The company’s mission is to make decentralization via blockchain available on a global scale. In addition, the project has already secured interest from numerous highly reputable brands around the world.Jaesun Han is the founder and CEO of GroundX, the company behind the Klaytn blockchain. Han has a Ph.D. in electrical engineering and computer science from the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology. His professional career started as a postdoctoral researcher for KAIST, where he conducted extensive research into distributed computing.His first jump towards entrepreneurship was in 2007, when Jaesun Han founded NexR, the first big data and cloud computing tech startup in Korea. In 2008, Han took up a position as a chairman of the board of the Consortium of Cloud Computing Research. In November 2011, Jaesun Han became the CTO of KT Cloudware, a company dedicated to technically support KT Ucloud services.Aside from his business and entrepreneurial ventures, Jaesun Han is also a credited adjunct professor at KAIST. You can easily deploy your own chain or join other chains on Klaytn without any technical knowledge required; you don't need to be an expert in cryptography or have a deep understanding of blockchain technology. Without the need to consult a highly specialized technical advisor, anyone can launch their own token economy ecosystem on Klaytn, according to their literature.As an ecosystem of a wide array of decentralized applications (DApps), Klaytn presents users with the opportunity to find or develop the right type of application for their needs. Because of the decentralized nature of the platform, users have virtually unlimited use cases before them, as app publication is not restricted. Klaytn supports DApps in a multitude of spheres, including digital asset management, art collecting and trade, game development, and decentralized exchanges. Because of this versatility, Klaytn has attracted the attention of institutional investors like Humanspace, Wemade Tree and Piction Network. Read more about Definex.Find out more about Phala Network.Learn more about Byzantine fault tolerances.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.With an undefined maximum supply, and a current total supply of 10,527,368,819 KLAY tokens, the Klaytn blockchain is gaining popularity among crypto enthusiasts. The current circulating supply is 2,448,059,130 KLAY tokens. \\\n\\\nWith every new block, newly issued KLAY and the sum of transaction fees used in the block (collectively called a “block reward”) are aggregated and distributed to the following three destination accounts following the predetermined ratio: the Klaytn Governance Council receives 34% of the supply, the blockchain consensus gets another 54% of the supply and the remaining 12% are dedicated to the Klaytn Improvement reserve (KIR).Klaytn recognizes that proof-of-work (PoW) and proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanisms have drawbacks, which is why the network relies on an optimized version of an Istanbul BFT, which implements Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT) with modifications to achieve the necessary blockchain network characteristics. \\\n\\\nKlaytn also introduces a proof-of-contribution (PoC), which is designed to compensate all participants in the Klaytn token economy that make meaningful contributions. By combining these consensus mechanisms, Klaytn achieves a versatile, decentralized environment, ensuring that block validators are incentivized for performing their duties. Not only that, the blockchain successfully accomplishes the mission to be an enterprise-ready and service-centric environment for its users through this hybrid consensus approach. The Klaytn platform is attracting enterprise investors’ attention, which is why it has been climbing up among the most popular altcoins. If you want to purchase KLAY tokens, your best option is Coinone, which has the largest trading volume at $110,659,556 as of Apr. 5, 2021.Other good options if you are looking to purchase KLAY include:Find more information here about buying cryptos.", 'website': 'https://www.klaytn.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.klaytn.com/Klaytn_PositionPaper_V2.1.0.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.klaytn.com'], 'explorers': ['scope.klaytn.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/klaytn_official', 'https://reddit.com/r/klaytn'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions']} ,
{'rank': 37, 'name': 'Terra', 'symbol': 'LUNA', 'id': '4172', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/terra-luna/', 'slug': 'terra-luna', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Terra is a blockchain protocol that uses fiat-pegged stablecoins to power price-stable global payments systems. According to its white paper, Terra combines the price stability and wide adoption of fiat currencies with the censorship-resistance of Bitcoin (BTC) and offers fast and affordable settlements.Development on Terra began in January 2018, and its mainnet officially launched in April 2019. As of September 2020, it offers stablecoins pegged to the U.S. dollar, South Korean won, Mongolian tugrik and the International Monetary Fund\'s Special Drawing Rights basket of currencies — and it intends to roll out additional options.Terra\'s native token, LUNA, is used to stabilize the price of the protocol\'s stablecoins. LUNA holders are also able to submit and vote on governance proposals.Terra was founded in January 2018 by Daniel Shin and Do Kwon. The two conceived of the project as a way to drive the rapid adoption of blockchain technology and cryptocurrency through a focus on price stability and usability. Kwon took on the position of CEO of Terraform Labs, the company behind Terra.Prior to developing Terra, Shin co-founded and headed Ticket Monster, otherwise known as TMON — a major South Korean e-commerce platform. He later co-founded Fast Track Asia, a startup incubator working with entrepreneurs to build fully functional companies. Kwon previously founded and served as CEO of Anyfi, a startup providing decentralized wireless mesh networking solutions. He has also worked as a software engineer for Microsoft and Apple.Terra seeks to set itself apart through its use of fiat-pegged stablecoins, stating that it combines the borderless benefits of cryptocurrencies with the day-to-day price stability of fiat currencies. It keeps its one-to-one peg through an algorithm that automatically adjusts stablecoin supply based on its demand. It does so by incentivizing LUNA holders to swap LUNA and stablecoins at profitable exchange rates, as needed, to either expand or contract the stablecoin supply to match demand.Terra has established a number of partnerships with payments platforms, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region. In July 2019, Terra announced a partnership with Chai, a South Korea-based mobile payments application, in which purchases made using the application on e-commerce platforms are processed via the Terra blockchain network. Each transaction is subject to (on average) a 2%–3% fee charged to the merchant.In addition, Terra is supported by the Terra Alliance, a group of businesses and platforms advocating for the adoption of Terra. In February 2019, the company announced that e-commerce platforms from 10 different countries, representing a user base of 45 million and a gross merchandise value of $25 billion, were members of the alliance.Learn about Tether, the most popular stablecoin by market capitalization.Learn about Zilliqa, another cryptocurrency project seeking to revolutionize the payments sector.Want to better understand stablecoins? Read an in-depth guide on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap\'s online educational resource.Stay up to date on the ways stablecoins are changing the payments industry with the CoinMarketCap Blog.Terra has a supply of 1 billion tokens. If this number is exceeded, LUNA is burned until it returns to the equilibrium supply level. New LUNA tokens are minted through the protocol\'s algorithm, as needed, in order to maintain the price of Terra stablecoins.LUNA was first made available for purchase in a private token sale for initial investors, which included the investment arms of major exchanges such as Binance, OKEx and Huobi. The sale concluded in August 2018, and as a result, Terra raised $32 million. Of the 385,245,974 LUNA minted for the sale, 10% was reserved for Terraform Labs, 20% for employees and project contributors, 20% for the Terra Alliance, 20% for price stability reserves, 26% for project backers and 4% for genesis liquidity.The Terra blockchain is secured using a proof-of-stake consensus algorithm based on Tendermint, in which LUNA token holders stake their tokens as collateral to validate transactions, receiving rewards in proportion to the amount of LUNA staked. Tokenholders may also delegate others to validate transactions on their behalf, sharing in any revenue generated. Terra also offers additional guidance to validator nodes on the best practices for helping to keep the network secure.In May 2019, shortly after Terra\'s mainnet went live, blockchain verification and penetration testing firm CertiK completed a security audit of the network. It examined its economic model to test against market manipulation, its architecture and its coding language. CertiK found that the "modeling and mathematical reasoning" of the Terra network were "considered sound," although it would not comment on the blockchain\'s performance.Terra\'s native token, LUNA, is listed on several cryptocurrency exchanges — including Huobi, Bitfinex and Upbit — where it is available to be traded against fiat currencies, stablecoins and other cryptocurrencies.Are you interested in buying LUNA or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://terra.money/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/terra-project', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.terra.money/', 'other_links': ['terra.money', 'https://t.me/TerraLunaChat', 'https://discord.gg/bYfyhUT'], 'explorers': ['finder.terra.money', 'terra.stake.id', 'hubble.figment.network'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/terra_money'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Store of Value', 'DeFi', 'Payments', 'Stablecoin - Algorithmically-Stabilized', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Huobi Capital', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 38, 'name': 'Bitcoin BEP2', 'symbol': 'BTCB', 'id': '4023', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-bep2/', 'slug': 'bitcoin-bep2', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'BTCB is a BEP2 token that is 100% backed by Bitcoin (BTC). The reserve addresses are published for anyone to audit. A trading pair will be created on Binance.com between the pegged token and the native coin, e.g., BTCB/BTC. Large buy orders will be maintained on the trading pair on Binance.com, with a price spread of around 0.1%. This provides a way for anyone to convert from the pegged token back into the native coin on Binance.com. If this buy order is filled, a new order will be placed while an equal amount of funds will be deposited from the reserve address into Binance.com. The sum of the buy order and the funds on the published reserve address will be bigger than the total supply of the pegged token, which would theoretically ensure 100% backing.', 'website': 'https://bitcoin.org/en/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bitcoin/', 'other_links': ['bitcoin.org/en/'], 'explorers': ['explorer.binance.org', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': [], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 39, 'name': 'PancakeSwap', 'symbol': 'CAKE', 'id': '7186', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/pancakeswap/', 'slug': 'pancakeswap', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'PancakeSwap is an automated market maker (AMM) — a decentralized finance (DeFi) application that allows users to exchange tokens, providing liquidity via farming and earning fees in return.It launched in September 2020 and is a decentralized exchange for swapping BEP20 tokens on Binance Smart Chain. PancakeSwap uses an automated market maker model where users trade against a liquidity pool. These pools are filled by users who deposit their funds into the pool and receive liquidity provider (LP) tokens in return.These tokens can later be used to reclaim their share of the pool, as well as a portion of the trading fees. These LP tokens are known as FLIP. PancakeSwap also allows users to farm additional tokens such as CAKE and SYRUP. On the farm, users can deposit LP tokens and get rewarded with CAKE. PancakeSwap allows users to trade BEP20 tokens, provide liquidity to the exchange and earn fees, stake LP tokens to earn CAKE, stake CAKE to earn more CAKE and stake CAKE to earn tokens of other projects. PancakeSwap is a Binance Smart Chain-based decentralized exchange (DEX) that was launched by anonymous developers with an apparent passion for pancakes.PancakeSwap uses an automated market maker model, meaning that there are no order books and liquidity pools are used instead. A user can earn income by becoming a liquidity provide; by adding their tokens to the liquidity pool they can farm LP tokens and stake their CAKE to earn rewards. They can also try their luck with the lotteries and non-fungible tokens. The PancakeSwap token CAKE is a BEP20 token that originally launched on Binance Smart Chain. The main function of CAKE is to incentivize the liquidity provision to the PancakeSwap platform.Users can stake their tokens to earn rewards, which is done by depositing Liquidity Provider tokens and locking them up. This is known as farming and is rewarded by the system with CAKE tokens. The tokens can be un-staked with zero holding time. CAKE gives users the opportunity to invest and increase returns in the future but comes with risks.CAKE can be used to enter a lottery on PancakeSwap. Each lottery session takes 6 hours. A single ticket costs 10 CAKE and comes with a random combination of four numbers between 1 and 14, for example, 8-6-4-13. To win the jackpot, which equals 50% of the entire lottery pool, the numbers in your ticket need to match all four of the numbers in the winning ticket.Users can also win non-fungible tokens that can be traded for CAKE or kept in a wallet.Learn about Waves.Learn about Vertcoin.Learn about Dego Finance on CMC Alexandria.Increase your knowledge of crypto with the CoinMarketCap blog.As of March 2021, PancakeSwap (CAKE) has a circulating supply of 125,984,870 CAKE coins and no maximum supply data is available.PancakeSwap can be securely stored on supported wallets that are connected to the Binance Smart Chain. These include MetaMask, TrustWallet, TokenPocket and WalletConnect.PancakeSwap (CAKE) can be bought and sold on the following exchanges:If you are interested in learning more about how to purchase Bitcoin (BTC), you can read CoinMarketCap’s comprehensive guide.', 'website': 'https://pancakeswap.finance/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/pancakeswap', 'other_links': ['pancakeswap.finance', 'https://t.me/PancakeSwap'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/pancakeswap'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Yield farming', 'AMM', 'Binance Smart Chain'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 40, 'name': 'Cosmos', 'symbol': 'ATOM', 'id': '3794', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/cosmos/', 'slug': 'cosmos', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': ' In a nutshell, Cosmos bills itself as a project that solves some of the “hardest problems” facing the blockchain industry. It aims to offer an antidote to “slow, expensive, unscalable and environmentally harmful” proof-of-work protocols, like those used by Bitcoin, by offering an ecosystem of connected blockchains.The project’s other goals include making blockchain technology less complex and difficult for developers thanks to a modular framework that demystifies decentralized apps. Last but not least, an Interblockchain Communication protocol makes it easier for blockchain networks to communicate with each other — preventing fragmentation in the industry.Cosmos’ origins can be dated back to 2014, when Tendermint, a core contributor to the network, was founded. In 2016, a white paper for Cosmos was published — and a token sale was held the following year. ATOM tokens are earned through a hybrid proof-of-stake algorithm, and they help to keep the Cosmos Hub, the project’s flagship blockchain, secure. This cryptocurrency also has a role in the network’s governance.The co-founders of Tendermint — the gateway to the Cosmos ecosystem — were Jae Kwon, Zarko Milosevic and Ethan Buchman. Although Kwon is still listed as principal architect, he stepped down as CEO in 2020. He maintains he is still a part of the project but is mainly focusing on other initiatives. He has now been replaced as Tendermint’s CEO by Peng Zhong, and the whole board of directors was given quite a substantial refresh. Their goals include enhancing the experience for developers, creating an enthusiastic community for Cosmos and building educational resources so greater numbers of people are aware of what this network is capable of.A major concern for some in the crypto industry centers on the levels of fragmentation seen in blockchain networks. There are hundreds in existence, but very few of them can communicate with each other. Cosmos aims to turn this on its head by making this possible.Cosmos is described as “Blockchain 3.0” — and as we mentioned earlier, a big goal is ensuring that its infrastructure is straightforward to use. To this end, the Cosmos software development kit focuses on modularity. This allows a network to be easily built using chunks of code that already exist. Long-term, it’s hoped that complex applications will be straightforward to construct as a result. Scalability is another priority, meaning substantially more transactions can be processed a second than more old-fashioned blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum. If blockchains are to ever achieve mainstream adoption, they’ll need to be able to cope with demand as well as existing payment processing companies or websites — or be even better.Check out simple definitions for crypto terms in our glossaryLearn about blockchain basics with CMC AlexandriaRead the latest features in our blogATOM has a very specific total supply — 260,906,513 to be exact. Of these, at the time of writing, about 203,121,910 were in circulation. It is worth noting that these cryptocurrencies aren’t mined — instead, they are earned through staking.Two private sales were held in January 2017, followed by a public sale in April of that year. This raised a total of $16 million, which is the equivalent of about $0.10 per ATOM.Breaking down the token distribution, about 80% was allocated to investors, while the remaining 20% was split between two companies: All In Bits and the Interchain Foundation.Cosmos has compared ATOM tokens to the ASICs that are used to mine Bitcoin. As a technical paper written by the Tendermint team explained: “It is a piece of virtualized hardware (economic capital) that you need to obtain in order to participate as a keeper in the network.”As we mentioned earlier, Cosmos uses a proof-of-stake consensus algorithm. Validator nodes that stake a higher quantity of ATOM tokens are more likely to be chosen to verify transactions and earn rewards. Nodes that are found to be acting dishonestly are penalized — and they can end up losing the tokens that they had at stake.It is now available across a number of major exchanges — many people choose to buy Cosmos on Binance, Coinbase and OKEx. It’s possible to find trading pairs with a number of fiat currencies, and you can find more about the process of converting dollars and euros to crypto here.', 'website': 'https://cosmos.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/cosmos', 'whitepaper': 'https://cosmos.network/resources/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['cosmos.network', 'https://t.me/cosmosproject'], 'explorers': ['www.mintscan.io', 'atomscan.com', 'cosmos.bigdipper.live', 'atom.tokenview.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['blog.cosmos.network', 'forum.cosmos.network', 'https://twitter.com/cosmos', 'https://reddit.com/r/cosmosnetwork'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Content Creation', 'Interoperability', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Paradigm XZY Screener', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Cosmos', 'Scaling', 'Staking']} ,
{'rank': 41, 'name': 'Neo', 'symbol': 'NEO', 'id': '1376', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/neo/', 'slug': 'neo', 'max_supply': '100,000,000', 'about': 'Neo bills itself as a “rapidly growing and developing” ecosystem that has the goal of becoming the foundation for the next generation of the internet — a new economy where digitized payments, identities and assets come together.Initially known as Antshares, this project was believed to be China’s first-ever public blockchain when it was launched in February 2014. The open-source platform subsequently rebranded to Neo three years later.As well as creating a worldwide community of developers who create new infrastructure for the network and lower barriers to entry, the team behind this project operate an EcoBoost initiative that’s designed to encourage people to build decentralized apps and smart contracts on its blockchain.It’s often been likened to the Chinese version of the Ethereum network.The co-founders of Neo, and its predecessor Antshares, are Da Hongfei and Erik Zhang. Both serve as chairmen of the Neo Foundation, which aims to promote the blockchain’s adoption.Da Hongfei has said that, although the internet is a great invention, it has many flaws — and this means that everyday consumers don’t always have control over their own data. The entrepreneur believes blockchain applications will eventually go mainstream.Erik Zhang was the author of the Delegated Byzantine Fault Tolerance algorithm, which aims to deter untrustworthy participants from taking part in the blockchain’s operation. This technology went on to be used in the Neo blockchain. He also served as the core developer for this network, and is playing an instrumental role in the development of Neo 3.0, the next iteration of the project’s infrastructure.One of the unique selling points of the Neo blockchain concerns its continuous development, which helps ensure that it is futureproof and able to cope with sudden increases in demand. As mentioned earlier, the project has developed Neo 3.0 — enhancing network security and allowing a greater number of transactions per second to be processed.Unlike many other blockchains, this network also has two native tokens: NEO and GAS. While NEO serves as an investment token and allows people to participate in votes concerning improvements to the blockchain, GAS is used to pay fees for the transactions that are being completed on the network.Few other blockchain projects also run a development fund to the extent that Neo does. EcoBoost launched back in 2019, and it was billed as an initiative that provides “full life-cycle support for high-potential projects” — including grants, technical support and promotion on social media.Related Pages: Find out more about GAS, the second native token to NeoHow does Neo compare with Ethereum?Explore our comprehensive crypto how-to guidesWhat’s going on in the crypto industry? Find out in our blogAt the time of writing, there are 70.5 million NEO in circulation — and a total supply of 100 million. NEO tokens aren’t mined, and indeed, all 100 million of them were generated when the blockchain launched.These tokens were distributed on a 50/50 basis — with half going to participants in a token sale, and the other half being split among developers and the NEO Council. At the time, it was confirmed that these funds would be used to invest in other blockchain protocol that the organization supports.Meanwhile, GAS is generated every 20 seconds or so, whenever a new block is created. The number of tokens created gradually reduces every year, and it’s estimated that it’ll take 22 years for the total supply of 100 million to enter circulation.As we mentioned earlier, Neo uses Delegated Byzantine Fault Tolerance, and it’s estimated that the blockchain is capable of processing thousands of transactions per second.According to Neo, the dBFT mechanism has been inspired by the Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance algorithm.There are a couple of similarities with delegated proof-of-stake, given how both consensus mechanisms allow token holders to vote for the delegates who will process transactions.Through dBFT, blocks are added to a blockchain as long as at least two-thirds of delegates reach consensus — and it’s hoped that this helps prevent bad actors from undermining the smooth running of the network.NEO can be purchased on a number of exchanges — most people buy NEO on Binance, Poloniex and HitBTC. But it isn’t available universally and isn’t supported by some platforms, such as Coinbase.Many exchanges offer trading pairs that link NEO with Bitcoin. Find out more about converting your fiat into BTC here.', 'website': 'https://neo.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/neo-project', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.neo.org/docs/en-us/index.html', 'other_links': ['neo.org', 'https://t.me/NEO_EN'], 'explorers': ['neoscan.io', 'explorer.o3.network', 'neo.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/neo_blockchain', 'https://reddit.com/r/NEO'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Smart Contracts']} ,
{'rank': 42, 'name': 'Amp', 'symbol': 'AMP', 'id': '6945', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/amp/', 'slug': 'amp', 'max_supply': '92,547,638,199', 'about': 'Amp is described as the new digital collateral token offering instant, verifiable assurances for any kind of value transfer. Using Amp, networks like Flexa can quickly and irreversibly secure transactions for a wide variety of asset-related use cases.Amp claims to offer a straightforward but versatile interface for verifiable collateralization through a system of collateral partitions and collateral managers. Where collateral partitions can be designated to collateralize any account, application, or even transaction, and carry balances which are directly verifiable on the Ethereum blockchain, collateral managers are smart contracts that can lock, release, and redirect collateral in these partitions as needed in order to support value transfer activities. Amp supports a wide variety of use cases for collateralization, and also introduces the concept of predefined partition strategies, which can enable special capabilities such as collateral models through which tokens can be staked without ever leaving their original address.', 'website': 'https://amptoken.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/amptoken', 'other_links': ['amptoken.org', 'https://amptoken.org/discord', 'https://discord.gg/T4EY6yx'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/amptoken', 'https://reddit.com/r/amptoken']} ,
{'rank': 43, 'name': 'UNUS SED LEO', 'symbol': 'LEO', 'id': '3957', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/unus-sed-leo/', 'slug': 'unus-sed-leo', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'UNUS SED LEO is a utility token that’s used across the iFinex ecosystem. The unusual name is based on a Latin citation from one of Aesop’s fables.The cryptocurrency allows Bitfinex users to save money on trading fees. The extent of the discount depends on how much LEO that the customer has in their account — and the savings on offer are spread across three tiers. There are fluctuations depending on whether a trading pair is crypto-to-crypto, or crypto-to stablecoin.UNUS SED LEO launched in May 2019 — and unlike many other cryptocurrencies out there, it is not designed to exist forever.UNUS SED LEO was founded by iFinex after Crypto Capital, the company that processed its payments, saw part of its funds seized by the government. IFinex is the parent company of Bitfinex, which warned that it may not be possible to recover these funds. To cover the financial shortfall, it decided to launch the LEO token.To make good the money lost, iFinex unveiled plans to gradually buy back the token from investors until none are left circulating in the marketplace. A transparency initiative was also launched so the crypto community could monitor the initiative’s progress, and ensure it was meeting stated targets. A token burn mechanism means iFinex is committed to buying back UNUS SED LEO from the market on a monthly basis. The amount that’s purchased and burned is equal to at least 27% of the revenues generated by iFinex — and tokens are also purchased at the market rate. In a news release at the time, the company said: “The burn mechanism will continue until 100% of tokens have been redeemed.”Whereas some cryptocurrencies just launch on a single blockchain, LEO tokens were issued on two blockchains. While 64% of the original supply was on Ethereum, the remaining 36% could be found on EOS.Related Pages:Discover the newest cryptocurrencies added to CoinMarketCapRead our straightforward crypto how-to guidesCoinMarketCap: Interviews, on-chain analysis and more As we mentioned, the circulating supply of LEO tokens is designed to diminish over time. Originally, the total supply was set at 1 billion.LEO was sold for $1 apiece on a 1:1 basis with the Tether stablecoin, meaning that a total of $1 billion was raised over a 10-day period.There were 660 million ERC-20 tokens at launch, as well as 340 million EOS-based tokens — and Bitfinex allows conversions between the two chains to be made with ease.At the time, the company described the dual protocol launch as “unique” — and vowed that it would empower the Bitfinex community.These tokens are based on Ethereum and EOS respectively. A dashboard has been released by Bitfinex that offers up-to-minute information on the current supply, and how many LEO tokens have been burned. Bar charts compare LEO burns on a daily basis.UNUS SED LEO is available on Bitfinex, Gate.io, OKEx and others. Common trading pairs connect LEO with the U.S. dollar, the USDT stablecoin, Bitcoin and Ethereum. You can find out more about how to convert fiat currencies into Bitcoin here.', 'website': 'https://www.bitfinex.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.bitfinex.com/wp-2019-05.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.bitfinex.com', 'https://t.me/bfxtelegram'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'eospark.com', 'eosflare.io', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/bitfinex', 'https://reddit.com/r/bitfinex'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Centralized exchange', 'Discount token', 'Payments', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 44, 'name': 'IOTA', 'symbol': 'MIOTA', 'id': '1720', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/iota/', 'slug': 'iota', 'max_supply': '2,779,530,283', 'about': 'IOTA is a distributed ledger with one big difference: it isn’t actually a blockchain. Instead, its proprietary technology is known as Tangle, a system of nodes that confirm transactions. The foundation behind this platform says this offers far greater speeds than conventional blockchains — and an ideal footprint for the ever-expanding Internet of Things ecosystem.Because there’s no blockchain, there are no miners, and because there are no miners, there are no fees. Many established networks see costs balloon when congestion intensifies, but IOTA aims to provide limitless throughput at minimal expense.In time, IOTA’s goal is to become the de facto platform for executing transactions between IoT devices. Given how estimates suggest there could be 20.4 billion such devices out there by 2024, this could end up being big business.The team behind IOTA believe that the potential use cases don’t end here. They believe their distributed ledger could deliver digital identities to all, result in car insurance policies that are based on actual usage, pave the way for cutting-edge smart cities, deliver seamless global trade and prove the authenticity of products.Originally known as Jinn, a crowdsale for the project was held in September 2014, and the network officially launched in 2016.IOTA has four co-founders, and their names are Sergey Ivancheglo, Serguei Popov, David Sønstebø and Dominik Schiener.According to the IOTA Foundation, the initiative has rapidly grown since then — and team members are now based across more than 25 countries.Sonstebo and Schiener are collectively co-chairmen of the board of directors, while Popov is a board member and the foundation’s director of research.Ivancheglo resigned from the Berlin-based project back in June 2019 but continues as an unofficial advisor. At the time, he said in a statement: “I no longer believe that the IOTA Foundation is the best setting for me to realize what we set out to create back in 2014 and 2015. I have always done my best work in a less rigid environment. I am looking forward to continuing the work on both hardware and software development of IOTA independently.”Well, as we alluded to a little earlier, the fact that it’s effectively a blockchainless blockchain is rather unusual to say the least.Tangle’s more technical name is the Directed Acyclic Graph — and as Sønstebø explained in a blog post back in 2015, this technology aims to retain blockchain’s ability to execute secure transactions. The only difference is that it does away with the notion of blocks.He also wrote: “IOTA should not be considered an alternative coin (altcoin) to existing cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, rather it is an extension of the growing blockchain ecosystem. It’s meant to work in synergy with these other platforms to form cohesion and symbiotic relationships. IOTA is designed to provide one solution that no other crypto does: efficient, secure, lightweight, real-time micro-transactions without fees.”New transactions are validated by approving two previous transactions from another node — and this is a novel approach because it means that the network’s size and speed will be directly related to how many people are using the platform.And whereas some cryptocurrencies are run as a business, the IOTA Foundation says it is firmly not for profit — adding that it has the sole goal of making the network as prosperous as possible.Finally, IOTA has distinguished itself from many other crypto rivals by establishing high-profile partnerships with the carmaker Volkswagen, and helping the city of Taipei to pursue smart projects.Read our deep dives into the latest crypto technologyThe latest data on crypto’s market cap and trading volumesToday’s top stories in the crypto and blockchain industryCoinMarketCap Blog: Analysis, opinion, news and updatesMIOTA has a maximum supply of 2,779,530,283 tokens — and all of them are in circulation.When the crowdsale was held, this digital asset was billed as a utility token that could be used for payment across its network, rather than a profit-sharing coin.An incredibly precise 999,999,999 were sold during the 2015 crowdsale, and this generated revenue of 1,337 BTC for the foundation. Given that Bitcoin was only worth about $325 at the time, this could have resulted in a substantial windfall for the team in later years.It is worth noting that the supply of MIOTA did increase in later years, with the team arguing that a greater level of supply would make the token suitable for the “tiny nano transactions” that we’ll likely see through IoT devices.The IOTA Foundation launched in October 2017, and at the time, it owned approximately 5% of the tokens that are in circulation, and these were donated by the community. It said “the majority of these funds will go towards building an army of developers and researchers.”Given how the IOTA network isn’t a blockchain, you may not think that it would have much need for a consensus mechanism. However, to help keep the network secure, a relatively straightforward Proof-of-Work puzzle is included in the process of validating a transaction.There have been security concerns surrounding IOTA. In the past, researchers have claimed they have found vulnerabilities in the project’s code.MIOTA is available on multiple exchanges — many people choose to buy MIOTA on Binance, Bitfinex, and OKEx. According to the project, a range of trading pairs are available, linking the token with Bitcoin, Ethereum, stablecoins, and fiat currencies including the Japanese yen, euro, pound, and dollar. Learn more about fiat on-ramps here."', 'website': 'https://www.iota.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/iotaledger', 'whitepaper': 'https://iota.org/IOTA_Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.iota.org', 'https://discord.iota.org/'], 'explorers': ['thetangle.org', 'explorer.iota.org'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.iota.org', 'https://twitter.com/iota', 'https://reddit.com/r/Iota'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DAG'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'IoT', 'Sharing Economy']} ,
{'rank': 45, 'name': 'Theta Fuel', 'symbol': 'TFUEL', 'id': '3822', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/theta-fuel/', 'slug': 'theta-fuel', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Theta Fuel (TFUEL) is one of the two native tokens on the Theta blockchain. TFUEL should not be mistaken for Theta Token (THETA), which is the governance token of the Theta blockchain supported by thousands of community-run Guardian nodes and its Enterprise validators including Google, Binance, Blockchain ventures, Gumi and Samsung.TFUEL is the second token on the Theta blockchain that serves as the utility token in decentralized video and data delivery, it also acts as a gas token. This means that it is used to power all operations on the Theta blockchain, like payments to relayers for sharing a video stream, for deploying and interacting with smart contracts, and as fees associated with transacting NTFs and DeFi applications.In addition, it is also used to incentivize users in the ecosystem who share their redundant computing power as Edge Compute nodes as well as bandwidth resources as Edge Caching nodes for video streams and other data.Theta Fuel, and in extension, the entire Theta Ecosystem, was co-founded by Mitch Liu and Jieyi Long in 2017. Liu has a long history in the gaming, video and virtual reality industries, co-founding video advertising firm Tapjoy, mobile social gaming startup Gameview Studios, and THETA.tv, the live streaming platform whose DApp was the first to be built on the Theta protocol.Jieyi Long is Theta’s second co-founder and CTO, following similar multi-year experience in design automation, gaming, VR, and large scale distributed systems. He authored multiple peer-reviewed academic papers and holds various patents in video streaming, blockchain and virtual reality. Theta now has a modest team, and its official website lists strategic corporate investors as Samsung NEXT, Sony Innovation Fund, media investors BDMI Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments, CAA Creative Artists Agency, and traditional Silicon Valley VCs including DCM, Sierra Ventures and the VR Fund.Theta’s main use case is decentralizing video streaming, data delivery and edge computing, making it more efficient, cost-effective and fair for industry participants. The network runs on a native blockchain, with two native tokens, known as Theta (THETA) and Theta Fuel (TFUEL), powering the internal economy.Theta’s appeal is threefold: viewers get rewarded with better quality streaming service, content creators improve their earnings and middlemen — video platforms — save money on building infrastructure and increase advertising, subscription revenues. Users have an incentive to both watch network content and share network resources, as rewards come in the form of TFUEL tokens.The platform is open source, and token holders receive governance powers as with many proof-of-stake (PoS)-based blockchain ecosystems. In addition to video, data and computing, Theta caters to developers looking to launch decentralized applications (DApps) such as DeFi and NFTs on its fully featured EVM-compatible smart contract platform.As earlier mentioned, there are two coins in the Theta ecosystem; THETA and TFUEL. Both coins are used as the main tools for interaction on the Theta blockchain, yet serve different functions.There are currently 5,232,675,200 TFUEL coins in circulation, which grows each year as new TFUEL is generated for staking rewards. Theta Tokens are fixed and at their max supply, which means there are 1,000,000,000 coins in circulation which will never increase.Theta runs on the proof-of-stake algorithm, which means staking is possible. Since the amount of THETA in circulation is the max supply there will ever be, TFUEL is the reward for staking on the network. To qualify for staking, you have to stake at least 1,000 THETA to a Guardian Node or run your own Guardian Node.The Theta Blockchain relies on a proof-of-stake consensus algorithm. It, however, adds a multi-level Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT) consensus mechanism on its blockchain to achieve better security along with higher transaction throughput.At the time of Theta Mainnet launch in March 2019, Theta introduced Guardian Nodes. With the Guardian Node, no single entity controls the majority of THETA tokens being staked at any one time. This further helps the network achieve a high transaction throughput of 1000+ TPS.Theta uses a financial incentive scheme to ensure user participation in governance activities, and hence its network is secured by its own users.Trying to find your way as a crypto newbie? Find the answers to all your questions with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.', 'website': 'https://www.thetatoken.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/thetatoken', 'whitepaper': 'https://s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/assets.thetatoken.org/Theta-white-paper-latest.pdf?v=1553657855.509', 'other_links': ['www.thetatoken.org', 'https://discord.com/invite/QfMpeZBfKB'], 'explorers': ['explorer.thetatoken.org'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/Theta_Network', 'https://reddit.com/r/theta_network'], 'property': ['Media', 'Content Creation', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 46, 'name': 'Avalanche', 'symbol': 'AVAX', 'id': '5805', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/avalanche/', 'slug': 'avalanche', 'max_supply': '720,000,000', 'about': 'Avalanche is an umbrella platform for launching decentralized finance (DeFi) applications, financial assets, trading and other services.It aims to be something of a global assets exchange, allowing anyone to launch or trade any form of asset and control it in a decentralized manner using smart contracts and other cutting-edge technologies.Developers at Ava Labs claim that Avalanche is the first smart contracts network to offer transaction finalization in under one second as standard.Avalanche launched its mainnet in September 2020. The platform’s native token, AVAX, performs various tasks within Avalanche and also functions as a rewards and payment system for users.Ava Labs has three co-founders, among whom is Emin Gün Sirer, the veteran computer scientist long associated with Bitcoin (BTC) and decentralized networks.Sirer has long been concerned with Bitcoin scaling, and the Avalanche Consensus is a direct follow-on from this research, allowing transaction volumes significantly higher than Bitcoin and competing with the likes of Visa.Like Sirer, fellow co-founders Kevin Sekniqi and Maofan “Ted” Yin are also associated with Cornell University. Sirer is an advisor to Yin, who is undertaking a PhD in computer science.The remainder of the team is made up of computer science, economics, finance and law experts.Avalanche provides decentralized asset trading which anyone can launch and use, and does so with a network which is unique in the digital realm in providing subsecond transaction confirmations.Developers aim to bring together the huge, fragmented and often opaque world of asset trading under one roof, allowing barrier-free access. Developers can create and release all manner of entities from blockchains to digital representations of any asset, and allow them to trade according to any given parameters. These include, for example, mimicking compliance regulations in various jurisdictions.The AVAX token forms the in-house payment method for Avalanche, and is used for fee collection during transactions, as well as for incentives and related purposes. Users can also earn passive income by staking their coins on the network.Check out CMC Alexandria’s deep dive into Avalanche here.Read more about Ethereum 2.0 here.Check out our interview with Emin Gün Sirer here.Want to learn more about Bitcoin (BTC) or other cryptocurrencies? Check out CoinMarketCap’s dedicated guide here.AVAX has a maximum capped supply of 720,000,000 (720 million) tokens. The genesis block contained half of that supply.The other half will be released according to an emission curve detailed in the Avalanche whitepaper. A key difference to the emission of Bitcoin — which is unalterable — is that the AVAX release rate can be changed by community consensus. The supply cannot be changed; all that can differ from consensus is the rate at which the supply cap is reached.In another contrast to Bitcoin and many other networks, transaction fees are “burnt” in order to increase token scarcity. This process is offset by the release, or “minting,” of new coins.Transaction fees themselves vary according to the type of operation that the AVAX transaction is performing on the Avalanche network. Avalanche is a proof-of-stake (PoS) protocol which rewards users for staking coins. PoS networks have come under fire for their low attack cost, which in some cases has exposed serious vulnerabilities.According to Ava Labs, Avalanche gets around this by changing governance to make it all but impossible for an attacker to covertly gain the necessary consensus.AVAX is a freely-exchangeable token and has made its way to major exchanges including Binance, OKEx and Huobi Global.If you’re new to cryptocurrency, you can read more about how to buy Bitcoin or any other token here.\n"', 'website': 'https://github.com/ava-labs', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ava-labs', 'whitepaper': 'https://files.avalabs.org/papers/consensus.pdf', 'other_links': ['avax.network', 'www.avalabs.org', 'https://t.me/avalancheavax', 'https://chat.avalabs.org/'], 'explorers': ['avascan.info', 'explorer.avax.network'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/AvalancheAVAX', 'https://reddit.com/r/Avax'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Smart Contracts', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Avalanche Ecosystem', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 47, 'name': 'TerraUSD', 'symbol': 'UST', 'id': '7129', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/terrausd/', 'slug': 'terrausd', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://terra.money', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/terra-project', 'whitepaper': 'https://terra.money/Terra_White_paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['terra.money', 'https://discord.gg/seZ9BUa', 'https://t.me/TerraLunaChat'], 'explorers': ['finder.terra.money', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['t.me', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/terra_money'], 'property': ['Stablecoin']} ,
{'rank': 48, 'name': 'Hedera Hashgraph', 'symbol': 'HBAR', 'id': '4642', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hedera-hashgraph/', 'slug': 'hedera-hashgraph', 'max_supply': '50,000,000,000', 'about': 'Billed as the "trust layer of the internet," Hedera Hashgraph is a public network that allows individuals and businesses to create powerful decentralized applications (DApps).It is designed to be a fairer, more efficient system that eliminates some of the limitations that older blockchain-based platforms face — such as slow performance and instability.It was funded through an initial coin offering (ICO) in August 2018 and first launched open access to its mainnet just over a year later in September 2019. As part of the ICO, investors were able to purchase the platform’s native utility token (HBAR) at the lowest possible pricing. The HBAR token has a dual role within the Hedera public network. First and foremost, HBAR the fuel that powers Hedera services, such as smart contracts, file storage and regular transactions. Second, it\'s used to help secure the network, since HBAR users can stake their tokens to assist with maintaining the integrity of the platform. Hedera Hashgraph has two founders: Dr. Leemon Baird and Mance Harmon.Dr. Leemon Baird is credited as the investor of the hashgraph distributed consensus algorithm and currently works as Hedera\'s chief scientist. Prior to founding Hedera Hashgraph, Baird accumulated more than a decade of experience in various computer science and security roles and previously worked as a senior research scientist at the Academy Center by Cyberspace Research. He also holds the position of co-founder and CTO at Swirlds Inc., a platform for building DApps.On the other hand, Mance Harmon is Hedera’s CEO and an experienced technology executive and seasoned entrepreneur. Harmon has around two decades of experience holding executive roles at prominent firms — many of which are in the IT security industry. Like Dr. Leemon Baird, Mance Harmon also holds a second position at Swirlds Inc., as its co-founder and CEO. In addition to the founders, the Hedera leadership team also comprises more than a dozen individuals, many of which have had distinguished careers.Unlike most other cryptocurrency platforms, Hedera Hashgraph isn’t built on top of a conventional blockchain. Instead, it introduces a completely novel type of distributed ledger technology known as a Hashgraph. This technology allows it to improve upon many blockchain-based alternatives in several key areas, including speed, cost, and scalability. Hedera transactions have an average transaction fee of just $0.0001 USD and typically reach finality in under five seconds. Overall, Hedera Hashgraph claims it can handle more than 10,000 transactions per second (TPS) — compared to the around 5-20 for most popular proof-of-work (PoW)-based blockchains.The platform offers several major network services. These include:Check out Ethereum (ETH) — the most popular blockchain for decentralized applications.Check out Polkadot (DOT) — another massively scalable blockchain.Learn about decentralized applications (DApps) with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Have you seen the CoinMarketCap blog?The Hedera Hashgraph token, HBAR, has a maximum total supply of 50 billion units. Out of this, almost seven billion were in circulation as of January 2021 — equivalent to around 14% of the total supply.Hedera publishes regular reports detailing when the next wave of HBAR tokens will be unlocked. These reports can be viewed here. According to Hedera\'s resources, the two project founders each have a coin grant of two billion HBARs, equivalent to 4% of the total supply each. These tokens are vested over a six-year period. Other senior executives at Hedera (that joined prior to 2018) have coin grants of between 250 million and 300 million coins. These tokens are vested over a period that ends in December 2021. According to Hedera\'s Economics Whitepaper (published June 2020), around 17.03 billion HBAR is estimated to be in circulation by 2025 — equivalent to 34% of the total supply.Hedera Hashgraph uses a novel consensus system known as Hashgraph consensus to keep its network secure. This uses a rotating governing council consisting of up to 39 highly diversified organizations that span across up to 11 different industries. These are involved with directing the Hedera codebase, voting on platform decisions and operating the initial nodes on the Hedera public network.Hedera uses a novel form of proof-of-stake (PoS) which allows HBAR users to stake their resources to help protect the network. Right now, all Hedera nodes are managed by either Hedera itself or the governing council members, but there are plans to switch to a permissionless system in the future. \\\nOverall, Hedera\'s security setup ensures it achieves "asynchronous” Byzantine fault tolerance (ABFT) — meaning it can guarantee both the timing and order of a set of transactions, even if some data is delayed or lost.HBAR is a popular digital asset that is available to trade on several prominent exchange platforms, including Binance, Bittrex and Huobi Global. Some of the more popular HBAR trading pairs include HBAR/USDT, HBAR/BTC and HBAR/ETH, and there are also several fiat trading options for the cryptocurrency, including HBAR/USD, HBAR/KRW and HBAR/INR.For more information about buying cryptocurrencies with fiat, see our comprehensive guide.', 'website': 'https://www.hedera.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/hashgraph', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.hedera.com/papers', 'other_links': ['www.hedera.com', 'https://t.me/hederahashgraph', 'https://discord.com/invite/egtDdvjNp5'], 'explorers': ['hash-hash.info', 'app.dragonglass.me', 'kabuto.sh', 'ledger.hashlog.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'www.linkedin.com', 'https://twitter.com/hedera', 'https://reddit.com/r/hashgraph'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DAG'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Payments', 'DCG Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 49, 'name': 'Compound', 'symbol': 'COMP', 'id': '5692', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/compound/', 'slug': 'compound', 'max_supply': '10,000,000', 'about': "Compound is a DeFi lending protocol that allows users to earn interest on their cryptocurrencies by depositing them into one of several pools supported by the platform. When a user deposits tokens to a Compound pool, they receive cTokens in return. These cTokens represent the individual’s stake in the pool and can be used to redeem the underlying cryptocurrency initially deposited into the pool at any time. For example, by depositing ETH into a pool, you will receive cETH in return. Over time, the exchange rate of these cTokens to the underlying asset increases, which means you can redeem them for more of the underlying asset than you initially put in — this is how the interest is distributed. On the flip side, borrowers can take a secured loan from any Compound pool by depositing collateral. The maximum loan-to-value (LTV) ratio varies based on the collateral asset, but currently ranges from 50 to 75%. The interest rate paid varies by borrowed asset and borrowers can face automatic liquidation if their collateral falls below a specific maintenance threshold.Since the launch of the Compound mainnet in September 2018, the platform has skyrocketed in popularity, and recently passed more than $800 million in total locked value. Compound was founded in 2017 by Robert Leshner and Geoffrey Hayes, both of whom previously worked in high-profile roles at Postmates — an online food delivery service. The two continue to hold executive positions at Compound Labs, Inc — the software development firm behind the Compound protocol, with Leshner currently serving as CEO, while Hayes is the CTO.Though both founders have experience founding successful companies, Robert Leshner, in particular, has been particularly active in helping to grow the blockchain space, and has publicly invested in popular crypto platforms including Argent Wallet, Opyn, and Blockfolio. The Compound team now comprises over a dozen individuals — almost half of which work as engineers.According to Compound, the majority of cryptocurrencies sit idle on exchange platforms, doing nothing for their holders. Compound looks to change this with its open lending platform, which allows anybody who deposits supported Ethereum tokens to easily earn interest on their balance or take out a secured loan — all in a completely trustless way. Compound’s community governance sets it apart from other similar protocols. Holders of the platform’s native governance token — COMP — can propose changes to the protocol, debate and vote whether to implement changes suggested by others — without any involvement from the Compound team. This can include choosing which cryptocurrencies to add support for, adjusting collateralization factors, and making changes to how COMP tokens are distributed.These COMP tokens can be bought from third-party exchanges or can be earned by interacting with the Compound protocol, such as by depositing assets or taking out a loan. Learn about Aave — one of Compound's biggest competitors.Read about yearn.finance — one of the first yield farming protocols.Want to brush up on your crypto knowledge? Check out CMC Alexandria.Read our blog to stay up to date with the latest industry news and events.Like many digital assets, only a fixed number of COMP tokens will ever come into existence. The total supply is capped at 10 million COMP and as of writing, less than a third are in circulation (~3.3 million). Out of these 10 million tokens, just over 4.2 million tokens will be distributed to Compound users over a 4-year period. The second biggest allotment (almost 2.4 million COMP) goes to the Compound Labs, Inc shareholders, whereas 2.2 million tokens will be distributed to the Compound founders and current team with a 4 year vesting schedule. Finally, 775,000 COMP are reserved for community governance incentives and the remaining 332,000 tokens will be allocated to future team members. The exact rate of COMP emission is subject to change over time, as voters are able to increase or reduce the emission rate by passing a proposal through community governance. Everything on Compound is handled automatically by smart contracts, which act to mint cTokens after Ethereum and ERC20 assets are deposited, and allow Compound users to redeem their stake using their cTokens. The protocol enforces a collateralization factor for all assets supported by the platform, ensuring each pool is overcollateralized at all times. If the collateral falls below the minimum maintenance level, it will be sold to liquidators at a 5% discount, paying down some of the loan and returning the remainder to an acceptable collateralization factor. This arrangement helps to ensure borrowers maintain their collateral levels, provides a safety net for lenders, and creates an earning opportunity for liquidators. COMP is currently available to trade on hundreds of cryptocurrency exchange platforms, including Coinbase Pro, Binance and Huobi Global. It can be traded against most other popular cryptocurrencies, as well as a range of fiat currencies, including the U.S. dollar (USD), Indian rupee (INR) and Australian dollar (AUD).Not sure how to convert fiat to cryptocurrencies like COMP? Find out more here.", 'website': 'https://compound.finance/governance/comp', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol', 'other_links': ['compound.finance/governa...', 'https://compound.finance/discord'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'eth.tokenview.com', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/compoundfinance'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Lending / Borrowing', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Paradigm XZY Screener']} ,
{'rank': 50, 'name': 'Huobi Token', 'symbol': 'HT', 'id': '2502', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/huobi-token/', 'slug': 'huobi-token', 'max_supply': '500,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.hbg.com/', 'other_links': ['www.hbg.com'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'eth.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/HuobiGlobal', 'https://reddit.com/r/HuobiGlobal'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Centralized exchange', 'Discount token', 'Payments', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 51, 'name': 'Decred', 'symbol': 'DCR', 'id': '1168', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/decred/', 'slug': 'decred', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Decred (DCR) is a blockchain-based cryptocurrency launched in February 2016. The Decred token and protocol were created to facilitate open governance, community interaction, and sustainable funding policies. According to the official whitepaper, Decred was created in such a way that the community approves all transactions and changes made regarding the protocol. Hence, there is no way for big Decred holders to manipulate the operation of the protocol. Decred was heavily influenced by Bitcoin and utilized many of the underlying principles of the original cryptocurrency.The main driving force behind the creation of Decred is an enterprise called Company 0. Its mission is to use the capabilities of blockchain technology to create better personal data protection and to bring organizational liberty to projects. Jake Yocom-Piatt is the founder and CEO of Company 0. Currently, he is serving as a project lead for the Decred project. His involvement with cryptocurrency and blockchain technology spans over more than ten years. Code written by Jake Yocom-Piatt has been used in the composition of several Bitcoin-related projects, including the creation of Lightning Network Daemon.Marco Peereboom is the chief technical officer of Company 0. He is the direct supervisor of several teams on the Decred project, including development, security, and infrastructure. Mr. Peereboom’s career includes positions in companies like Dell, where he was a Senior Architect. He has been at Company 0 for more than five years, and his involvement with the Decred project is essential for the successful launch of the cryptocurrency. Decred is an innovative project because it bets on blockchain technology’s decentralized nature to prevent monopoly over voting status in the project itself. One of the main goals of the Decred protocol is to ensure that all DCR holders have the same amount of decision-making power and that large institutions cannot swing the votes in their favor. By introducing ticket-holder voting, Decred ensures that people who have enough DCR will have the opportunity to participate in votes regarding the company/token’s future and operations. Decred also created a dedicated voting platform called Politeia, which allows users to participate in votes, submit proposals and start discussions.Not only that, but to ensure those voting rights, Decred is employing a hybrid consensus mechanism, which combines both the proof-of-work (PoW) and proof-of-stake model (PoS). Find out more about XRP.Check out Curve DAO Token.Learn more about Decentralized networks.Read more on the CoinMarketCap blog.Decred plans to issue a total of 21,000,000 tokens. Currently, about 60% of these tokens have entered circulation. Of the 21 million tokens, 8% were mined before the launch of the protocol. Half of these pre-mined coins went towards an initial airdrop, while the other half was distributed to cover costs acquired by Company 0 during the development of the protocol. The initial airdrop was designed to reward interested parties by giving them free Decred (DCR) tokens. Tokens were distributed among participants who had registered for the airdrop event beforehand.Decred uses a hybrid PoW/PoS consensus mechanism, which combines features of the two most popular consensus models. The cryptocurrency uses proof-of-work (PoW) to mine new blocks on the blockchain; however, miners receive only 60% of the reward after a successful mining operation.The proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus is used in the voting organization, and it allows users to participate in the ticket-holder voting system. Voters employing the PoS consensus receive 30% of the block reward.The remaining 10% of block rewards are stored in the Decred Treasury. Decred hosts frequent Politeia discussions and votes on how the funds from the Decred Treasury should be spent. The largest marketplace for Decred (DCR) is Binance, with a DCR/BTC trade volume of USD 2,493,254. Binance is also the most popular cryptocurrency exchange for DCR/USDT transactions.Other good options for trading Decred include Huobi Global, YoBit, BitAsset and OKEx. It is important to note that trading cryptocurrency involves risks, like any other investment. Read more here about how to buy cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://github.com/decred', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/decred', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.decred.org/', 'other_links': ['www.decred.org', 'proposals.decred.org', 'https://t.me/decred', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/GJ2GXfz'], 'explorers': ['mainnet.decred.org', 'explorer.dcrdata.org', 'stats.decred.org', 'dcr.tokenview.com', 'explore.stakey.net'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'forum.decred.org', 'https://twitter.com/decredproject', 'https://reddit.com/r/decred'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['Hybrid - PoW & PoS', 'BLAKE256'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Store of Value', 'Privacy', 'DAO', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 52, 'name': 'BitTorrent', 'symbol': 'BTT', 'id': '3718', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bittorrent/', 'slug': 'bittorrent', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'BitTorrent is a popular peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing and torrent platform which has become increasingly decentralized in recent years. Originally released in July 2001, BitTorrent was purchased by blockchain platform TRON in July 2018. Since its acquisition, BitTorrent has added various new tools, with a dedicated native cryptocurrency token, BTT, released in February 2019. BTT was launched on TRON’s own blockchain, using its TRC-10 standard.According to its official literature, BitTorrent is currently the “largest decentralized P2P communications protocol” in the world.The original BitTorrent is the brainchild of Bram Cohen, a developer and entrepreneur who himself has since become well known in the cryptocurrency arena.Cohen has explained that he designed BitTorrent to usurp the dated entertainment industry, which made obtaining material slow and expensive. The platform has seen multiple legal battles, with Cohen maintaining that it does not break copyright laws in allowing users to share files such as music and movies among themselves.In 2018, TRON completed its acquisition of BitTorrent, bringing BitTorrent under the control of Justin Sun. Sun is notorious for his plugging of both TRON as a cryptocurrency and its blockchain technology, bidding $4.5 million at a charity auction to have lunch with Warren Buffett (well-known anti-crypto figure) and discuss cryptocurrency with him.TRON is also behind the addition of cryptocurrency to BitTorrent, as the BTT token was released on TRON’s blockchain. The move formed part of TRON’s efforts to add further decentralized features to the platform. BitTorrent’s original goal was to disrupt the legacy entertainment industry and how consumers obtain content. Expensive and inefficient distribution networks were the main target, with original developer Bram Cohen seeing benefits in allowing internet users to distribute content among themselves directly.In the early 2000s, BitTorrent became the go-to P2P file sharing platform, with TRON stepping in 2018. Under TRON, BitTorrent has expanded its user appeal to those interested in decentralized solutions and cryptocurrency, as well as to its own user base. Among the added features are BitTorrent Speed, which uses the BTT token as part of its operations.BitTorrent has also branched out into paid services, offering several “premium” versions of its platform which include VPN capabilities and ad-free browsing.Read more about Upfiring here.Read more about AXEL here.New to crypto? Find the answers to all your questions on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.BTT is BitTorrent’s native cryptocurrency, issued on TRON’s blockchain as a TRC-10 standard token. The total supply, as stated in its whitepaper, is 990,000,000,000 BTT. 6% of that total was available in a public token sale, 2% in a private token sale and 9% in a seed sale.Another 20.1% are reserved for airdrops, which are set to occur at various points until 2025. The BitTorrent team and umbrella organization, the BitTorrent Foundation, were awarded 19% of the supply. The TRON foundation holds 20%, with 19.9% going to the BitTorrent ecosystem itself.A final 4% of tokens are reserved for partnership activities.BTT plays various roles in BitTorrent’s products, including allowing users to pay others for faster downloads with BitTorrent Speed.BitTorrent says that it employs “the highest level of security measures” in order to secure user funds, but advises that cryptocurrency involves inherent risk.The company recommends that users protect themselves against theft, in the form of malware or similar programs, by using options such as biometric verification.BTT is tradable for cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and even fiat currencies on major exchanges. Binance, Huobi Global and OKEx are among the offerings. To find out more about how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) or any other cryptocurrency, read CoinMarketCap’s easy guide.', 'website': 'https://www.bittorrent.com/btt/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bittorrent', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.bittorrent.com/btt/btt-docs/BitTorrent_(BTT)_White_Paper_v0.8.7_Feb_2019.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.bittorrent.com/btt/', 'https://t.me/BTTBitTorrent'], 'explorers': ['tronscan.org', 'trxplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'blog.bittorrent.com', 'forum.bittorrent.com', 'https://twitter.com/BitTorrent', 'https://reddit.com/r/BittorrentToken'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Distributed Computing', 'Filesharing', 'Storage', 'Binance Launchpad', 'Binance Labs Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 53, 'name': 'Kusama', 'symbol': 'KSM', 'id': '5034', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/kusama/', 'slug': 'kusama', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Self-described as "Polkadot\'s wild cousin," Kusama is an experimental blockchain platform that is designed to provide a massively interoperable and scalable framework for developers.Kusama is built on Substrate — a blockchain building kit developed by Parity Technologies. Kusama has almost the same codebase as Polkadot — one of the most successful interoperable blockchains.By deploying on Kusama, fast-paced projects gain access to a highly scalable, interoperable sharded network, with features that are not yet available on Polkadot. To that end, Kusama describes itself as a “canary network.”The platform is designed to provide a testbed for developers looking to innovate and deploy their own blockchain and can be used as a preparatory network before launching on Polkadot — though many projects opt to stick with Kusama for their final product. Kusama benefits from a low barrier to entry for deploying parachains, low bond requirements for validators, and is most commonly used by early-stage startups and for experimentation.Kusama was built by the same team that created Polkadot, a company known as Parity Technologies. Its founder is Dr. Gavin Wood, a world-renowned computer scientist and programmer, who also co-founded Ethereum.Parity Technologies has an extensive team comprised of some of the world\'s most successful blockchain engineers, and has over 100 employees in total spread throughout the world. In addition, Kusama is funded by grants from the Web3 Foundation, which was launched to help "nurture and steward technologies and applications in the fields of decentralised web software protocols." The Web3 foundation also supports Kusama with research and community development thanks to its growth team. Kusama is unusual among blockchain platforms since it is predominantly built for developers that want to launch bold, ambitious projects, with a fast-evolving pace of development.It is built on a multichain, heterogeneously-sharded design that uses a nominated proof-of-stake (NPoS) consensus system — an alternative consensus mechanism to the energy intensive proof-of-work (POW) scheme employed by several other blockchains. This system enables it to perform rapid on-chain upgrades without a fork, and support cross-chain message passing (XCMP) to enable communication with other parachains on the Kusama network.Like Polkadot, Kusama features on-chain governance capabilities. This on-chain governance is both decentralized and permission-less, allowing anybody with Kusama (KSM) tokens or parachain tokens to vote on their respective governance proposals, which might include putative upgrades, changes to the protocol, and feature requests. This on-chain governance procedure is roughly four times faster than that offered by Polkadot, with a combined voting and enactment period of just 15 days — leading to the rapid pace of development for projects built on Kusama. The project serves projects that want to hit the ground running, launching updates and improvements without the need to implement a fork to do so — thereby ensuring maximum community cohesion. Read more about Polkadot (DOT) — which is like Kusama (KSM), but enterprise-focused.Check out Ethereum (ETH) — one of Kusama’s major competitors.Brush up on your crypto basics with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Visit the CoinMarketCap blog for the latest news, tips, tricks and market insights.As of November 2020, Kusama has a circulating supply of 8.47 million tokens, and a total supply of 10 million tokens. Unlike some other blockchains, this maximum supply is not fixed. Instead, it increases at an inflation rate of 10% per year. The proportion of KSM that are staked changes how the newly minted KSM tokens (from inflation) are distributed. If exactly half of all KSM are staked, then Kusama validators receive 100% of newly minted tokens, whereas if it is above or below 50%, then some of the inflation rewards will go to the Kusama Treasury.Kusama initially launched as an airdrop to those that participated in Polkadot (DOT) token sale. These were distributed at a 1:1 rate, while those without DOT were able to obtain KSM by using a frictional faucet — this has since been decommissioned. Unlike Polkadot, Kusama has not undergone redenomination to increase its circulating supply.Kusama is built using a nominated proof-of-stake (NPoS) consensus mechanism. This uses a network of nominators (KSM stakers) who elect nodes to participate in the transaction validation process. These nominators receive a fraction of the inflation reward if their nominator is selected on the next rotation. Validators that act dishonestly or don\'t meet performance requirements can have their stake slashed.Additionally, Kusama uses a simple queuing mechanism based on Merkle trees to resolve cross-chain transactions. Relay chain validators are responsible for moving transactions from the output queue of one parachain to the input queue of the target parachain — this is a secure, trustless process that uses the same validators on each chain to pass the messages. Kusama (KSM) is currently available to trade on dozens of popular exchange platforms, including Binance, OKEx and Huobi Global. The most liquid trade pairs for KSM are currently KSM/USDT, KSM/BTC and KSM/ETH. To learn more about buying cryptocurrencies with fiat, see our comprehensive guide.', 'website': 'https://kusama.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/kusamanetwork', 'other_links': ['kusama.network'], 'explorers': ['polkascan.io', 'kusama.polkastats.io'], 'community': ['forum.kusama.network', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/kusamanetwork'], 'property': ['Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', '1Confirmation Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 54, 'name': 'Waves', 'symbol': 'WAVES', 'id': '1274', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/waves/', 'slug': 'waves', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Waves is a multi-purpose blockchain platform which supports various use cases including decentralized applications (DApps) and smart contracts.Launched in June 2016 following one of the cryptocurrency industry’s earliest initial coin offerings (ICO), Waves initially set out to improve on the first blockchain platforms by increasing speed, utility and user-friendliness. The platform has undergone various changes and added new spin-off features to build on its original design. Waves’ native token is WAVES, an uncapped supply token used for standard payments such as block rewards. Waves is synonymous with its founder, Ukrainian-born scientist Alexander Ivanov (also known as Sasha Ivanov).Prior to creating Waves, Ivanov was already active in the cryptocurrency space, having released the now-defunct instant exchange Coinomat and indexing site Cooleindex. He also created an early version of a stablecoin, CoinoUSD, tied to the U.S. dollar.Ivanov is publicly active in his promotion of Waves, giving frequent interviews on the platform and trends in the wider blockchain industry.According to Waves’ marketing literature, the company now employs over 180 people at locations including Moscow and Switzerland. As one of the first offerings in its field, Waves set out to improve on the early blockchain platforms and products. From the outset, it aimed to appeal to prospective business clients looking to use blockchain to improve processes or create new services.Waves supported smart contract and DApp development, ensuring that speeds and ease-of-use surpassed competition at the time. Since then, other products have appeared, including Gravity, a cross-chain and oracle network, and decentralized finance (DeFi) focused platform Neutrino. Waves DEX is a decentralized cryptocurrency exchange.In 2020, Waves announced that its platform would be interoperable with the Ethereum network by releasing the WAVES token as an ERC-20 standard asset. Learn more about Ethereum (ETH) here.Learn more about Cardano (ADA) here.New to crypto? Find out everything you need to know with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.WAVES began as a fixed-cap token for the Waves platform with 100 million tokens available. In its ICO — which raised 30,000 BTC — 85% of the supply went to sale participants, 4% to partners and supporters, 9% to the developers and 1% each to early supporters and bounty schemes which occurred after the ICO.Its utility increased in time, and in 2019, it was decided to remove the supply cap, with decision-making transferred to network participants.Currently, the block reward is 6 WAVES, and any changes come in the form of votes — users must choose whether or not to decrease the block reward by 0.5 WAVES every 110,000 blocks.Waves uses a modified proof-of-stake algorithm called WavesNG. The technology is based on Bitcoin-NG, a scaling proposal by well-known Bitcoin advocate, Cornell University developer Emin Gün Sirer.Waves highlights that its code is open source, allowing for more trust and ease of maintenance than closed source enterprise blockchain solutions. WAVES, as a cryptocurrency on the market for over four years, is widely tradable on a large number of exchanges. Pairs operate between WAVES and other cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and fiat currencies. Volumes are highly distributed, with Binance and Huobi Global among the largest market venues.Cryptocurrency newbie? Read our easy guide to buying Bitcoin or any other token.', 'website': 'https://github.com/wavesplatform/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/wavesplatform/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.wavesprotocol.org/en/', 'other_links': ['waves.tech', 'medium.com/wavesprotocol', 'https://t.me/Wavescommunity', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/cnFmDyA'], 'explorers': ['wavesexplorer.com', 'wavesgo.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.wavesplatform.com', 'wavestalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/wavesprotocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/Wavesplatform'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['LPoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Smart Contracts']} ,
{'rank': 55, 'name': 'The Graph', 'symbol': 'GRT', 'id': '6719', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/the-graph/', 'slug': 'the-graph', 'max_supply': '10,057,044,431', 'about': 'The Graph is an indexing protocol for querying data for networks like Ethereum and IPFS, powering many applications in both DeFi and the broader Web3 ecosystem. Anyone can build and publish open APIs, called subgraphs, that applications can query using GraphQL to retrieve blockchain data. There is a hosted service in production that makes it easy for developers to get started building on The Graph and the decentralized network will be launching later this year. The Graph currently supports indexing data from Ethereum, IPFS and POA, with more networks coming soon. To date, over 3,000 subgraphs have been deployed by thousands of developers, for DApps like Uniswap, Synthetix, Aragon, AAVE, Gnosis, Balancer, Livepeer, DAOstack, Decentraland and many others. The Graph usage has been growing at over 50% MoM and hit over 7 billion queries during the month of September 2020. The Graph has a global community, including over 200 Indexer Nodes in the testnet and more than 2,000 Curators in the Curator Program as of October 2020. To fund network development, The Graph raised funds from community members, strategic VCs and influential individuals in the blockchain community including Coinbase Ventures, DCG, Framework, ParaFi Capital, CoinFund, DTC, Multicoin, Reciprocal Ventures, SPC, Tally Capital and others. The Graph Foundation also successfully completed a public GRT Sale with participation from 99 countries (not including the U.S.). To date as of November 2020, The Graph has raised ~$25M. The Graph team includes professionals from the Ethereum Foundation, OpenZeppelin, Decentraland, Orchid, MuleSoft leading up to the IPO and acquisition by Salesforce, Puppet, Redhat and Barclays.The initial co-founding team includes Yaniv Tal (project lead), Brandon Ramirez (research lead) and Jannis Pohlmann (tech lead). The founders have engineering backgrounds and have worked together for 5-8 years. Tal and Ramirez studied electrical engineering at USC and worked together at MuleSoft, an API developer tools company that underwent an IPO and sold to SalesForce. They previously co-founded a developer tools startup together and have spent a significant portion of their careers working to optimize the API stack. At their last startup, the founders built a custom framework on an immutable database called Datomic. The Graph was born from this vision to create immutable APIs and data access, using the GraphQL query language.The Graph is working to bring reliable decentralized public infrastructure to the mainstream market. To ensure economic security of The Graph Network and the integrity of data being queried, participants use Graph Token (GRT). GRT is a work token that is locked-up by Indexers, Curators and Delegators in order to provide indexing and curating services to the network.GRT will be an ERC-20 token on the Ethereum blockchain, used to allocate resources in the network. Active Indexers, Curators and Delegators can earn income from the network proportional to the amount of work they perform and their GRT stake. Indexers earn indexing rewards (new issuance) and query fees, while Curators earn a portion of query fees for the subgraphs they signal on. Delegators earn a portion of income earned by the Indexer they delegate to. For more information about cryptocurrencies, check out CMC’s educational portal, Alexandria.Curious about the latest crypto news? Read CMC’s blog!Total GRT supply at mainnet launch will be 10 billion tokens, with an initial circulating supply of ~1,245,666,867 GRT. New token issuance in the form of indexing rewards will begin at 3% annually and is subject to future technical governance by The Graph Council. You can read about GRT token economics here and distribution information here. The Graph has built an open data layer on top of blockchains: Indexers can run their own Ethereum archive nodes to run Graph Node, or they can use node operators like Infura or Alchemy. Any analytics company can build an application to query subgraph data that’s indexed by The Graph. Subgraphs are open APIs to be able to pull data from the blockchain in the most seamless and efficient way.', 'website': 'https://thegraph.com', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/graphprotocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://thegraph.com/docs/', 'other_links': ['thegraph.com', 'https://thegraph.com/discord', 'https://t.me/GraphProtocol'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'thegraph.com'], 'community': ['thegraph.com', 'thegraph.com', 'https://twitter.com/graphprotocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/thegraph'], 'application': ['Analytics'], 'property': ['AI & Big Data', 'Enterprise solutions', 'DeFi', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Framework Ventures', 'LedgerPrime Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio', 'ParaFi capital', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 56, 'name': 'TrueUSD', 'symbol': 'TUSD', 'id': '2563', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/trueusd/', 'slug': 'trueusd', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'TrueUSD is a U.S. dollar stablecoin pegged to USD at 1:1. First launched to a limited investor base in January 2018, TrueUSD has since grown to incorporate almost $400 million of backed tokens as of October 2020.TrueUSD is one of a number of cryptocurrency stablecoins administered by TrustToken, a platform for tokenizing real-world assets.As with other stablecoins, TrueUSD aims to facilitate increased liquidity and provide cryptocurrency traders and general users with a nonvolatile asset relative to free-floating tokens such as Bitcoin (BTC).As of October 2020, TUSD is the 38th largest cryptocurrency by market cap. TrueUSD is a stablecoin launched by parent company TrustToken, whose co-founder and CEO is Rafael Cosman.Cosman has a lifelong attachment to cryptography, studying it along with artificial intelligence (AI) before working at both Google Brain and software company Palantir. He left Google to create TrustToken in 2017.Cosman has stated that TrueUSD was always just the start of TrustToken’s product line, involving relatively little work in return for creating a high-impact asset. At the time of launch, he noted that regular auditing of the stablecoin formed an important focus for the company, giving investors peace of mind at a time when many cryptoassets were seeing heavy volatility in the wake of the initial coin offering (ICO) phenomenon.TrueUSD aims to balance stability and utility — the main use cases of any stablecoin — with security in the form of regular attestations. From its launch onwards, parent company TrustToken has sought to underscore the importance of independent verification of the stablecoin’s provenance. As such, the stablecoin’s appeal is geared towards larger investors looking to reduce risk, in addition to smaller private traders.TrustToken describes TUSD as “the first regulated stablecoin fully backed by the US Dollar.”TrueUSD is part of an ever-expanding stablecoin market, which now includes a large number of USD-backed assets. Tether (USDT) remains by far the largest, with a market cap of $15 billion as of October 2020, compared to TUSD’s $382 million.TrustToken has entered various corporate partnerships as part of its business activities, including options for TUSD holders to increase annualized passive income returns.Learn more about Tether here.Learn more about USD Coin here.New to cryptocurrency? Find all the information you need with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.There was around 381.9 million TUSD in circulation as of October 2020. Given its status as a stablecoin, the supply is uncapped, and will continue to expand according to demand.There are two incarnations of TUSD available: an ERC-20 token on Ethereum and another, also known as TUSDB, a BEP-2 token on Binance Chain.TrueUSD’s equivalent redeemability for USD is maintained via partnerships with banks and fiduciary entities.TrustToken aims to deliver maximum transparency using tools such as real-time auditing of TUSD’s backing and reliability. Beyond trusting the validity of its USD peg, any security issues relate to those which affect all ERC-20 standard tokens. Transactions, for example, can suffer from abnormally high fees if gas prices on the Ethereum blockchain spike.As one of the largest USD stablecoins, TUSD is freely available on major exchanges, with pairs for cryptocurrencies and other stablecoins available.Among the largest volume currently belongs to Binance and DeFi automated market maker Curve.New to crypto? Read our easy guide to buying Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies."', 'website': 'https://www.trueusd.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/trusttoken', 'other_links': ['www.trueusd.com', 'https://t.me/TUSDofficial_EN', 'https://t.me/TUSDofficial_CN'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'explorer.binance.org', 'blockchair.com', 'tronscan.org', 'explorer.avax.network'], 'community': ['trueusd.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/tusd_official'], 'property': ['Store of Value', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed', 'Avalanche Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 57, 'name': 'Zcash', 'symbol': 'ZEC', 'id': '1437', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/zcash/', 'slug': 'zcash', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': "Zcash is a decentralized cryptocurrency focused on privacy and anonymity. It uses the zk-SNARK zero-knowledge proof technology that allows nodes on the network to verify transactions without revealing any sensitive information about those transactions.Contrary to a common misunderstanding, the majority of cryptocurrencies on the market, including Bitcoin (BTC), are not anonymous, but rather pseudonymous; while they do not explicitly reveal the identities of their users, each user has their own public address or addresses which can be traced back to them via the methods of data science and blockchain forensics.Zcash transactions, on the other hand, still have to be relayed via a public blockchain, but unlike pseudonymous cryptocurrencies, ZEC transactions by default do not reveal the sending and receiving addresses or the amount being sent. There is an option, however, to reveal this data for the purposes of auditing or regulatory compliance.Zcash was first released on October 28, 2016, and it was originally based on Bitcoin’s codebase.Zcash was founded in 2016 by cypherpunk, computer security expert and entrepreneur Zooko Wilcox-O'Hearn. He is also the founder of the for-profit Electronic Coin Company (ECC), which manages the development of Zcash.Wilcox-O’Hearn has spent more than 25 years in the industry of cryptography and information security and has contributed to a number of projects, including the now-defunct electronic money firm DigiCash, peer-to-peer data storing software Mojo Nation and the Tahoe Least-Authority File Store filesystem.He also founded Least Authority Enterprises, a technology company focused on improving digital security and preserving the fundamental right to privacy, and co-invented the BLAKE3 cryptographic hash function.Zcash’s main advantage lies in its optional anonymity, which allows for a level of privacy unattainable with regular, pseudonymous cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Ethereum.ZEC transactions can be sent in two ways: transparent and shielded. Transparent transactions work in about the same way as in Bitcoin, whose codebase Zcash was originally based on: they are sent between public addresses and are recorded on an immutable public ledger (the blockchain). All essential information about these transactions is available online for anyone to see, including the sending and receiving addresses and the amount sent.These public transactions do not reveal user identities in an overt manner: the only identifiers an outside observer can access from the blockchain are public addresses. However, through the efforts of data scientists and law enforcement over recent years, the methods of blockchain analysis have been developed to the point where an interested party can fairly reliably connect a public address on a blockchain to the real-world identity of its owner, essentially making private transactions impossible.Shielded ZEC transactions, on the other hand, leverage the technology of zero-knowledge succinct non-interactive arguments of knowledge, or zk-SNARKs, in order to enable completely anonymous transactions to be sent over a public immutable blockchain. The fact that the transaction has happened is recorded on the ledger, but the sending and receiving addresses and the amount sent is not revealed to the public.This allows Zcash to offer its users the right to privacy while still enjoying the advantages of a decentralized, permissionless digital currency.Read about Monero, another anonymous cryptocurrency that uses ring signatures and stealth addresses to improve user privacy.Check out more crypto educational information on CMC Alexandria.Find topical crypto stories on CMC’s blog.Overall, Zcash tokenomics is similar to that of Bitcoin: it is a scarce mineable token with a total supply limit of 21 million coins.New ZECs are created in the form of “block subsidies”: whenever a new block is mined and added to the end of the blockchain, a certain amount of coins is minted and split into “miner subsidy” and “founders’ reward” at a ratio of 80 to 20 percent respectively. The block subsidy is halved at regular intervals to slow down the issuance rate as the total supply of ZEC approaches its limit of 21 million.The miner subsidy goes to the miner who has mined the latest block and the founders’ reward is distributed between Electronic Coin Company (ECC) founders, Zcash Foundation and ECC itself, as well as its employees. As of October 2020, the block subsidy is equal to 6.25 ZEC.Zcash network is secured by the proof-of-work SHA-256 hash function which belongs to the SHA-2 set of algorithms — same as Bitcoin.Zcash is a high-ranking cryptocurrency. It is possible to buy Zcash on a number of major exchanges, some of which are:", 'website': 'https://z.cash/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/zcash/zcash', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/zcash/zips/blob/master/protocol/protocol.pdf', 'other_links': ['z.cash', 'https://t.me/Zcash_Community'], 'explorers': ['explorer.zcha.in', 'zcash.tokenview.com', 'blockchair.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['forum.z.cash', 'https://twitter.com/electriccoinco', 'https://reddit.com/r/zec'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'Equihash'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Privacy', 'Zero Knowledge Proofs', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'Fenbushi Capital Portfolio', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', 'Winklevoss Capital', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 58, 'name': 'THORChain', 'symbol': 'RUNE', 'id': '4157', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/thorchain/', 'slug': 'thorchain', 'max_supply': '500,000,000', 'about': 'THORCHain is a decentralized liquidity protocol that allows users to easily exchange cryptocurrency assets across a range of networks without losing full custody of their assets in the process. With THORChain, users can simply swap one asset for another in a permissionless setting, without needing to rely on order books to source liquidity. Instead, market prices are maintained through the ratio of assets in a pool (see automated market maker).The native utility token of the THORChain platform is RUNE. This is used as the base currency in the THORChain ecosystem and is also used for platform governance and security as part of THORChain\'s Sybil resistance mechanisms — since THORChain nodes must commit a minimum of 1 million RUNE to participate in its rotating consensus process. THORChain was funded through an initial DEX offering (IDO) which launched through the Binance DEX in July 2019. Its mainnet originally launched in January 2021, but a multi-chain upgrade is currently scheduled for 2021.According to an official representative of THORChain, the platform has no CEO, no founder and no directors. Instead, the further development of the platform is organized through Gitlab.On top of this, those currently working on the project are largely anonymous. Again, an official representative of THORChain states that this is to "protect the project and ensure that it can decentralize."A tweet by the project sheds some light on the theory behind maintaining a project with an anonymous team, as quoted below:“-> Developers work for the Nodes, by shipping code that makes the system more valuable. -> Nodes work for the Stakers, by securing assets and being online.-> Stakers bring capital, placed on-market for the Swappers.-> Swappers pay fees, bringing economic activity.”THORChain uses a unique system to help mitigate the issue of “impermanent losses” — or the often temporary losses that a liquidity provider can experience when contributing to liquidity pools. It achieves this by using a slip-based fee to help ensure liquidity stays where it is needed.On top of this, THORChain combines a range of novel technologies, including on-way state pegs, a state machine, the Bifröst Signer Module and a TSS protocol to seamlessly facilitate cross-chain token swaps. This is all kept behind the scenes, making the platform accessible to even inexperienced traders. The platform isn\'t profit-oriented. All fees generated by the protocol go directly to the users, and there are no provisions for the team. Instead, the team is incentivized by simply holding RUNE — just like everyone else.The RUNE token is currently available on multiple blockchains, including Binance Chain (as a BEP-2 token) and Ethereum (as an ERC-20 token). Check out Uniswap (UNI) — the governance token for the popular Uniswap AMM.Check out 1inch (1INCH) — the native token for the 1inch DEX aggregator.How Decentralized Are Decentralized Networks? Find out with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Have you seen the CoinMarketCap blog yet?As of February 2021, there are 158.4 million RUNE in circulation out of a total supply of 500 million.As we touched on earlier, THORChain initially launched following an IEO on the Binance DEX. As part of the IEO, 20 million RUNE were sold. Prior to this, a total of 130 million RUNE were sold in earlier funding rounds. According to the official Binance DEX proposal, 10% of the total supply (50 million tokens) was allocated to the team, and locked until the launch of the mainnet — unlocking at 20% per month thereafter.THORChain currently has an emission curve starting at 30% APR. This is scheduled to target around 2% APR after ten years. THORChain is built using the Cosmos SDK and is powered by the Tendermint consensus mechanism. This keeps the network safe from attacks through a novel BFT proof-of-stake (PoS) system that sees a large number of validators work together to propose and finalize blocks of transactions. Beyond this, THORChain’s smart contracts have been audited by several third-party security firms, including one by Certik — which found no vulnerabilities. RUNE is a popular cryptocurrency that is available to purchase and trade on a large number of both centralized and decentralized exchange platforms. The most prominent of these are Binance (centralized) and SushiSwap (decentralized). As of February 2021, the vast majority of RUNE trading pairs are crypto/crypto pairs. However, RUNE can be bought with Korean won (KRW) on ProBit Exchange and US dollars (USD) on FTX. For more on buying cryptocurrencies with fiat, see our popular guide.', 'website': 'https://thorchain.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/thorchain', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/thorchain/Resources/tree/master/Whitepapers/THORChain/whitepaper-en.md', 'other_links': ['thorchain.org', 'https://t.me/thorchain_org'], 'explorers': ['explorer.binance.org', 'viewblock.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/thorchain_org', 'https://reddit.com/r/thorchain'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 59, 'name': 'Chiliz', 'symbol': 'CHZ', 'id': '4066', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/chiliz/', 'slug': 'chiliz', 'max_supply': '8,888,888,888', 'about': 'Chiliz (CHZ) is the leading digital currency for sports and entertainment, powering the world’s first blockchain-based fan engagement & rewards platform Socios.com. Fans can purchase & trade branded Fan Tokens as well as having the ability to participate, influence, and vote in club-focused surveys & polls. Founded in Malta in 2018, the company’s vision is to bridge the gap between the active and passive fan, providing millions of sports fanatics a Fan Token which acts as a tokenized share of influence. As the exclusive on-platform currency, fans use CHZ to purchase these branded Fan Tokens, which give users influential decision-making power by allowing them to vote on polls our partners publish on within the Socios app. Ownership also gives fans access to exclusive rewards & incredible experiences, as well as gamification, social interaction and leaderboard features with more additions launching through 2021 and beyond.Socios.com provides sports & entertainment organisations with a branded Fan Token and fan engagement platform to help them engage & monetize their global audiences more effectively. Currently 25 major sports/esports organisations, including the likes of FC Barcelona, Juventus, AC Milan, OG, Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester City and Professional Fighters League have all launched Fan Tokens on the platform. Many more leading sports and entertainment properties from around the world are set to launch Fan Tokens in the near future. Chiliz/socios has multiple office locations based around the world in Turkey, Korea, Switzerland and is set to continue its expansion by open new offices in Spain, US and Brazil. The company has also employed over 100+ talented staff, and is set to double that throughout 2021.', 'website': 'https://www.chiliz.com/', 'other_links': ['www.chiliz.com', 'https://t.me/chiliz_io'], 'explorers': ['explorer.chiliz.com', 'etherscan.io', 'explorer.binance.org'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/chiliz'], 'property': ['Sports', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'Content Creation', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 60, 'name': 'Celsius', 'symbol': 'CEL', 'id': '2700', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/celsius/', 'slug': 'celsius', 'max_supply': '695,658,160', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://celsius.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/CelsiusNetwork', 'other_links': ['celsius.network', 'https://t.me/celsiusnetwork'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['celsius.network', 'https://twitter.com/celsiusnetwork', 'https://reddit.com/r/celsiusnetwork'], 'property': ['Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 61, 'name': 'Elrond', 'symbol': 'EGLD', 'id': '6892', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/elrond-egld/', 'slug': 'elrond-egld', 'max_supply': '31,415,926', 'about': 'Elrond is a blockchain protocol that seeks to offer extremely fast transaction speeds by using sharding. The project describes itself as a technology ecosystem for the new internet, which includes fintech, decentralized finance and the Internet of Things. Its smart contracts execution platform is reportedly capable of 15,000 transactions per second, six-second latency and a $0.001 transaction cost.The blockchain has a native token known as eGold, or EGLD, that is used for paying network fees, staking and rewarding validators.Elrond was first announced in August 2019, and its mainnet went live in July 2020.Elrond was co-founded in late 2017 by brothers Beniamin and Lucian Mincu alongside Lucian Todea as a solution to the problem of blockchain scalability, which they thought to be the most pressing problem facing the industry.Prior to Elrond, Beniamin and Lucian Mincu co-founded MetaChain Capital, a digital asset investment fund, with Beniamin Mincu serving as CEO and Lucian Mincu as chief technology officer. The two also co-founded ICO Market Data, an aggregator of information around initial coin offerings.Beniamin Mincu was also responsible for product, marketing and community for blockchain platform NEM from 2014 to 2015, in addition to being an early investor in projects such as Zilliqa (ZIL), Tezos (XTZ), Brave and Binance. Lucian Mincu has additional experience as an information technology engineer and security specialist, having worked with Uhrenwerk 24, Cetto and Liebl Systems.Todea is a serial tech entrepreneur who previously founded and served as CEO of Soft32, a software review and download site, and a partner of mobilPay, a mobile payments application. He is also an angel investor, having invested in biometrics tech company TypingDNA and accounting platform SmartBill.Elrond describes itself as a blockchain platform for the new internet economy, decentralized applications and enterprise use. Its main selling point is its high scalability, stating that it is the first blockchain network in which state, network and transaction sharding have all been implemented. According to its economics paper, it seeks to build up its ecosystem and establish EGLD as a store-of-value asset.To achieve this goal, the network runs on 2,169 validator nodes split into four shards: three execution shards, capable of 5,400 transactions per second each, and one coordination shard, the "Metachain." Elrond\'s adaptive state sharding architecture completely shards state, transactions and network. It can scale by adding an additional shard when the throughput demand is unmet. It was tested to run 263,000 TPS in a public environment with 1,500 nodes from 29 countries grouped in 50 shards.In order to increase adoption, the project also supports developers building on the platform, allowing them to earn 30% of the smart contract fees as royalties.The company maintains a supply of EGLD tokens to stake on the network during its first year, with validator nodes receiving a 36% annual percentage rate.Learn about Zilliqa, another blockchain project that uses sharding to improve scalability.Learn about Harmony, which also uses sharding to scale its blockchain.New to the blockchain space? Read an in-depth introduction on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap\'s online educational resource.Stay up to date on the latest innovations in blockchain technology with the CoinMarketCap Blog.The Elrond economic model has a limited supply that starts at 20,000,000 EGLD, with new tokens minted to reward network validators. The maximum supply can never exceed 31,415,926 EGLD, but this number will decrease as more transactions are processed.Elrond\'s native token was first made available for purchase through a private sale, in which 19% of its initial supply was sold, with 7.5% made available immediately upon token generation and another 15.41% released every three months. Elrond also held an initial exchange offering on Binance, in which 25% was sold and made available immediately. Of the remaining 56%, 7% was reserved for ecosystem rewards, with 50% released immediately and 50% after six months; 8.5% for marketing, grants and an accelerator pool for DApp developers, with 81.17% released immediately and 9.41% every six months; 2% for a community fund, with 33.3% released immediately, 33.3% after six months and 33.3% after 12 months; 2.5% for advisors, released after one year; 19% for Elrond\'s founders and core team members, with 10% released after six months, 10% after 12 months, 15% after 18, 24, 30 and 36, and 20% after 42 months; and 17% for the company for ecosystem support, with 33.3% that can only be used for staking during the first year released immediately and 66.6% released in three equal installments over three years, starting after one year.Elrond\'s tokens were first issued on Binance Chain under the name ERD with a total supply of 20 billion. 500 million were burned in November 2019 and minted on the Ethereum blockchain as ERC-20 tokens, and the company launched a token swap event in September 2020 for token holders to swap their ERC-20 and BEP-2 tokens for mainnet EGLD tokens. During the process, the total token supply was reduced from 20 billion to 20 million by setting the swap ratio at 1,000 ERD for 1 EGLD.Elrond uses what it calls a secure proof-of-stake consensus algorithm in which nodes must stake their EGLD tokens to participate in the validation process, and each validator is assigned a rating score based on past activity, which also influences whether or not they are selected. If a validator\'s rating becomes too low, it will not be selected and must pay fines. Validators can also be removed from the network and have their stakes slashed if they continuously act in a manner that is against the integrity of the network.Validators are randomly selected in a way that can be neither predicted nor modified based on the previous round of validations. In addition, validators are periodically shuffled between shards as a way to prevent collusion. Nodes communicate among one another using modified Boneh-Lynn-Shacham, or BLS, multi-signatures for strong cryptographic protection.EGLD can be purchased on cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance, OKEx, Bitfinex and BitMax. It can be traded against fiat currencies such as the U.S. dollar and Indonesian rupiah, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Binance Coin (BNB), and stablecoins such as Tether (USDT) and Binance USD (BUSD). It can be bought and sold on both spot and derivatives markets.Are you interested in buying EGLD or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://explorer.elrond.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ElrondNetwork', 'whitepaper': 'https://elrond.com/assets/files/elrond-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['elrond.com', 'elrond.com/blog', 'https://t.me/ElrondNetwork'], 'explorers': ['explorer.elrond.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'elrond.com', 'https://twitter.com/elrondnetwork', 'https://reddit.com/r/elrondnetwork'], 'property': ['Binance Launchpad', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 62, 'name': 'Dash', 'symbol': 'DASH', 'id': '131', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dash/', 'slug': 'dash', 'max_supply': '18,900,000', 'about': 'Dash is an open-source blockchain and cryptocurrency focused on offering a fast, cheap global payments network that is decentralized in nature. According to the project\'s white paper, Dash seeks to improve upon Bitcoin (BTC) by providing stronger privacy and faster transactions.Dash, whose name comes from "digital cash," was launched in January 2014 as a fork of Litecoin (LTC). Since going live, Dash has grown to include features such as a two-tier network with incentivized nodes, including "masternodes," and decentralized project governance; InstantSend, which allows for instantly settled payments; ChainLocks, which makes the Dash blockchain instantly immutable; and PrivateSend, which offers additional optional privacy for transactions.Dash was founded by software developers Evan Duffield and Kyle Hagan. The project was originally called XCoin, changing its name to Darkcoin two weeks later before rebranding again to Dash in March 2015 in an effort to positively change its image.Before launching Dash, Duffield was a software developer with experience in finance, from his time working at Hawk Financial Group, as well as in public relations, having developed machine learning algorithms and search engines. He first conceived of Dash in 2012 as a way to add more anonymity to Bitcoin — hence, originally calling it Darkcoin. Duffield has claimed that he started it as a hobby, coding it in just one weekend. Duffield served as CEO of Dash Core Group — the company that supports the continued development, integrations and other activities of Dash — until December 2017 when he stepped down to focus on other strategic initiatives.Hagan co-authored the original Darkcoin whitepaper alongside Duffield. However, he left the project early on in December 2014.According to its website, the goal of Dash is "to be the most user-friendly and scalable payments-focused cryptocurrency in the world." To accomplish this, the project relies on a network of masternodes, which are servers backed by collateral held in Dash that are designed to provide advanced services securely and governance over Dash\'s proposal system. In exchange for part of the block rewards, masternodes provide a second layer of services to the network. They facilitate functions such as InstantSend, PrivateSend and ChainLocks.Dash is marketed to both individual users and institutions, including merchants, financial services, traders and those who need to send international remittances. In October 2020, Dash Core Group reported that its strategic objectives moving forward include building its ecosystem and brand, ensuring that users are satisfied and further advancing the technology behind the network.Dash\'s governance system, or treasury, distributes 10% of the block rewards for the development of the project in a competitive and decentralized way. This has allowed the creation of many funded organizations, including Dash Core Group. In addition, the Dash Foundation, which advocates for the adoption of the cryptocurrency, receives donations and offers paid individual and institutional memberships.Learn more about Litecoin, the cryptocurrency from which Dash was forked.Learn about XRP, another cryptocurrency offering a near-instant payments networkWant tips on keeping your Dash safe? Read an in-depth crypto safety guide on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap\'s online educational resource.Stay up to date on the latest cryptocurrency news with the CoinMarketCap Blog.The maximum number of Dash tokens that can be issued is 18,921,005. However, this figure ultimately depends on how the governance decides to allocate the 10% of block rewards reserved for budget proposals. If none were ever allocated, only 17,742,696 DASH would ever be emitted. New Dash tokens are created through a proof-of-work mining algorithm in which the token emission rate is decreased by one-fourteenth, or approximately 7%, every 210,240 blocks, or about every 383 days.Approximately 45% of new DASH is awarded to miners, 45% to masternodes and 10% to fund future proposals. In August 2020, a proposal was approved that will, once in effect, change the ratio of coins awarded to miners and masternodes from 50/50 to 40/60, respectively.Within the first 48 hours of Dash\'s launch, approximately 2 million coins were mined, which significantly exceeded the planned emission schedule. Dash was originally forked from Litecoin, which suffered a similar issue at its launch due to a bug in its difficulty adjustment algorithm. While it is well-documented that Dash inherited the bug from Litecoin, there has, nonetheless, been widespread speculation about whether the resulting fastmine was intentional to benefit early miners.Dash uses a two-tier network to secure its transactions. The first tier consists of nodes that carry out mining operations under a proof-of-work consensus protocol, meaning that they compete to solve complex cryptographic problems and at least 51% of nodes must approve a transaction for it to be added to the blockchain. The PoW algorithm used by Dash is called "X11" — a custom hashing algorithm developed by Dash founder Duffield that uses a sequence of 11 hashing algorithms. According to Dash\'s documentation, X11 is "one of the safest and more sophisticated cryptographic hashes in use by modern cryptocurrencies."The second tier consists of masternodes operating under a proof-of-service consensus algorithm in which masternodes are rated based on their history of providing good services to the network. Masternodes oversee the network and have the power to reject new blocks added by nodes if they were approved improperly. They also enable Dash\'s ChainLocks feature, which increases security because every 12 hours, a rotating group of masternodes observe and confirm all new blocks added to the blockchain. Dash\'s developers have stated that this protects the network against 51% attacks.As one of the more popular altcoins, Dash can be purchased on most major cryptocurrency exchanges, including Binance, Coinbase Pro, Huobi Global, Kraken and OKEx. It can be traded against fiat currencies, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ether (ETH), and stablecoins such as Tether (USDT) and USD Coin (USDC). It can be bought and sold on both spot and derivatives markets.Are you interested in buying Dash or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://github.com/dashpay/dash', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/dashpay/dash', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.dash.org/', 'other_links': ['www.dash.org', 'newsroom.dash.org', 'https://t.me/dash_chat', 'https://discord.com/invite/PXbUxJB'], 'explorers': ['explorer.dash.org', 'insight.dash.org', 'chainz.cryptoid.info', 'dash.tokenview.com', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'www.dash.org', 'https://twitter.com/Dashpay', 'https://reddit.com/r/dashpay'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['Hybrid - PoW & PoS', 'X11'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Privacy', 'Masternodes', 'DAO'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 63, 'name': 'Telcoin', 'symbol': 'TEL', 'id': '2394', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/telcoin/', 'slug': 'telcoin', 'max_supply': '100,000,000,000', 'about': "Telcoin (TEL) is an Ethereum-based decentralized crypto established in July 2017 in Singapore to be the bridge between cryptos, blockchain and the telecommunication industry. The project aims to partner with leading names in the telecoms industry like Verizon and AT&T to remove the hassle that exists between billing platforms and mobile money.The main focus of Telcoin is the remittance market, where Western Union is currently the clear leader. Telcoin is partnering with global telecoms and mobile money platforms to provide users with high-speed, low-cost digital remittances to mobile money platforms and e-wallets.Telcoin (TEL) is an ERC-20 token based on the Ethereum blockchain. TEL is used in the telecoin ecosystem for making payments on e-commerce websites.In 2017, Paul Neuner and Claude Eguienta co-founded Telcoin to help users transfer money globally in seconds. Paul Neuner, who serves as the chairman & CEO of Telcoin, has amassed over 12 years in the field of telecommunication before venturing into the world of blockchain.His earliest involvement as a tech entrepreneur in the telecom space starts with Mobius, a startup that provides fraud management services for mobile networks. In 2012, he founded Pangea K.K., a software mobile application development company based in Tokyo, Japan.Before establishing Telcoin, in March 2017, he started Ikou, a mobile app for creating and organizing events. In 2018, he started Sedona, a next-gen telecom fraud management service that focuses on securing sovereign mobile financial services.The main focus of Telcoin is the remittance markets. While there are almost five mobile phones to a bank account in existence, people still queue up to send money from high-cost remittance agents, with Western Union being the largest.Leveraging the power of blockchain, Telcoin is bringing people in the developing world a faster, low-cost alternative to remittance services. To achieve this, Telcoin works with mobile operators and e-wallets globally, allowing them to reach a broad base of users with a contactless service.Like every other decentralized digital asset, Telcoin gives its user complete access to their money via their phones. At will, users can send and receive money from anywhere in the world. The project is also centered around the user, keeping the platform as user friendly and as familiar as possible.Telecom operators that connect to the Telcoin network are immediately able to issue TEL tokens. The network gives incentives; the more the TEL token traffic an operator has, the more incentives he gets from the network.The incentivized model of Telcoin offers extremely low fee services that are attractive to end-users but still profitable for networks, according to Telcoin.Find out about Pundi X (NPXS).Does Bitcoin really lift the altcoin market? Find out the connection between both markets..Stay up to date with the crypto market with the CoinMarketCap blog.Telcoin is built on the Ethereum blockchain. At its launch in 2017, 25 percent of the tokens were distributed in crowdsale to investors. Another 15 percent were retained by the Telcoin Team with a 5 percent liquidity fund.The telecom operators' incentives described above makes up 50 percent of all the tokens. Community incentives and ongoing developments get on 5 percent of all TEL tokens. The project launched with a fixed amount of TEL tokens. The max tokens on the network are fixed at 100,000,000,000 TEL. Currently, approximately 50 percent of the tokens (50,270,110,195 TEL) have been issued. Telcoin runs on an Ethereum-based blockchain. While it benefits from the security in the decentralization of the network, staking is not yet available on the Telcoin network. There are also no validators on the network; instead, it uses a proof-of-concept model. The partners of Telcoin, the telecoms that sign up to integrate TEL, are the equivalent of validators on the PoS blockchains. The telecoms get the rewards on the network.To achieve better security, Telcoin implements multi-signature crypto security or a multisig model. This means that to complete a transaction on the Telcoin network, you would need at least two private keys. Users can set the number of keys required before a transaction is completed.In addition to the proprietary Telcoin wallet, there is also an option of integrating other existing telecom mobile money wallets.Although TEL is a very popular crypto asset, few exchanges provide the facility to purchase TEL tokens against fiat. You can buy TEL tokens against cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH).The top exchanges for buying, selling, and trading in Telcoin (TEL) currently are:KuCoinBalancerHitBTCBitbns1inch Exchange, andSimex.", 'website': 'https://www.telco.in/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/telcoin', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.telco.in/docs/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.telco.in', 'https://t.me/telcoincommunity', 'https://t.me/Telcoin_Announcements'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/telcoin_team', 'https://reddit.com/r/telcoin'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 64, 'name': 'yearn.finance', 'symbol': 'YFI', 'id': '5864', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/yearn-finance/', 'slug': 'yearn-finance', 'max_supply': '36,666', 'about': 'Yearn.finance is an aggregator service for decentralized finance (DeFi) investors, using automation to allow them to maximize profits from yield farming.Its goal is to simplify the ever-expanding DeFi space for investors who are not technically minded or who wish to interact in a less committal manner than serious traders.Launched in February 2020, the service, formerly known as iEarn, has seen huge growth in recent months as new products debuted and developers released in-house token YFI.Yearn.finance is the brainchild of Andre Cronje. After leaving the iEarn project in February 2020, Cronje returned to oversee a rebirth, with new tools emerging and YFI going live in July.Since then, its fortunes have turned around, with assets under total value locked coming in at just over $1 billion as of the end of September 2020. Cronje has a long career in cryptocurrency and has become synonymous with DeFi in particular. He also has positions at smart contract ecosystem Fantom and CryptoBriefing, a resource dedicated to initial coin offerings (ICOs) and crypto media.Yearn.finance set out to simplify DeFi investment and activities such as yield farming for the broader investor sector. The platform makes use of various bespoke tools to act as an aggregator for DeFi protocols such as Curve, Compound and Aave, bringing those who stake cryptocurrency the highest possible yield.New features continue to be rolled out, these aiming, among other things, to help preserve the long-term value of the platform.Yearn.finance makes a profit by charging withdrawal fees, currently 0.5% at the end of September 2020, as well as 5% gas subsidization fees. Due to its governance model, these can technically be changed by consensus at any time. The target market for yearn.finance is investors who do not have the time to study the increasingly complex DeFi phenomenon from scratch, or who wish to optimize their returns. Find out more about Harvest Finance (FARM) here.Crypto newbie? Discover everything you need to know with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.Check out CMC’s blog for more on YFI.Yearn.finance in-house token YFI has a fixed supply of 30,000 coins. There was no premine upon launch in July 2020, and developers did not receive any starting funds: the total supply at launch was 0 YFI.Since then, the majority of the capped supply has entered circulation, and the success of the token is reflected in its all-time high price of $41,000, which it hit in mid-September 2020. YFI was also the first cryptocurrency to become worth more than Bitcoin (BTC) per unit.Users of yearn.finance earn YFI through providing liquidity, while token holdings dictate governance privileges.Yearn.finance users can face a high risk of losing money thanks to market conditions changing rapidly and opportunistic entities attempting to profit from less-experienced participants.Cronje himself has sought to maintain transparency about the platform’s provenance, noting that even after code audits, yearn.finance could not be guaranteed to be 100% safe — DeFi involves inherent risk.YFI is a freely-tradable token, with pairs for cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and fiat currencies all widely available.Major exchanges trading YFI include Binance, OKEx and Huobi Global, as well as automated market maker (AMM) Uniswap.New to crypto and want to know how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) or any other token? Find out the details here.', 'website': 'https://yearn.finance/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/iearn-finance', 'other_links': ['yearn.finance', 'https://t.me/iearnfinance', 'https://t.me/yearnfinance'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com', 'hecoinfo.com', 'ftmscan.com', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/iearnfinance'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Yield farming', 'Yield Aggregator', 'Yearn Partnerships', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Governance', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'Framework Ventures', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'ParaFi capital']} ,
{'rank': 65, 'name': 'Helium', 'symbol': 'HNT', 'id': '5665', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/helium/', 'slug': 'helium', 'max_supply': '223,000,000', 'about': 'Helium (HNT) is a decentralized blockchain-powered network for Internet of Things (IoT) devices. Launched in July 2019, the Helium mainnet allows low-powered wireless devices to communicate with each other and send data across its network of nodes.Nodes come in the form of so-called Hotspots, which are a combination of a wireless gateway and a blockchain mining device. Users who operate nodes thus mine and earn rewards in Helium’s native cryptocurrency token, HNT.Helium’s goal is to prepare IoT communication for the future, identifying inadequacies in current infrastructure from its birth in 2013.Helium’s three co-founders Amir Haleem, Shawn Fanning and Sean Carey started the company in 2013.Haleem has an active eSports and game development background. Fanning, by contrast, is well known for developing Napster, the music sharing service which was one of the first mainstream peer-to-peer (P2P) internet services in the late 1990s.Carey meanwhile held multiple development roles prior to Helium, which included advertising optimization firm Where, acquired by PayPal.Helium’s team now consists of members which the company says have experience in “radio and hardware, manufacturing, distributed systems, peer-to-peer and blockchain technologies.”Helium aims to improve the communication capabilities of wireless Internet of Things (IoT) devices. In 2013, infrastructure around IoT was still in its infancy, but developers wanted to add decentralization to their offering, hence referring to it as “The People’s Network” in official literature.Its core appeal will be to device owners and those interested in the IoT space, with financial incentives providing further outreach possibilities.Network participants purchase Hotspots — a combination of a wireless gateway and a miner — or build their own. Each hotspot provides network coverage over a certain radius, and also mines Helium’s native token, HNT.The network runs on proof-of-coverage, a new consensus algorithm based on the HoneyBadger BFT protocol which allows nodes in a network to reach consensus when connection quality is highly variable. In addition to HNT, users pay transaction fees in a separate token called Data Credits, which are not exchangeable and tied to individual users themselves.Read more about IOTA here.Read more about IOTW here.Crypto newbie? Find all the answers with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.Approximate mining periods of 30 to 60 minutes unlock rewards which are distributed according to a changing growth plan.Helium explains that at the start, node owners will accrue more HNT for building out network infrastructure, while later on, it will be more advantageous to transfer device data. This adjustment mechanism for token distribution is expected to last for around 20 years.As of the start of October 2020, there are 48,712,218 HNT in circulation. When the token launched, the supply was zero, with no premine.Helium uses a bespoke consensus mechanism called proof-of-coverage (PoC) which rewards users for contributing to mining (validating transactions) and ensuring stability.PoC is based on the HoneyBadger BFT protocol, which is specifically designed for node communication when conditions are unreliable.Helium says that the most likely attack vector impacts node operators in the form of inbound ports of Hotspots. For token holders, the platform’s own wallet uses asymmetric keys to help users with private key security.HNT is a tradable token spreading across major exchanges as of October 2020. Major pairs are active on Binance and FTX, and include USD and stablecoins such as Tether (USDT). New to crypto? Check out our easy guide to buying Bitcoin (BTC) or any other cryptocurrency.', 'website': 'https://www.helium.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/helium/', 'whitepaper': 'http://whitepaper.helium.com/', 'other_links': ['www.helium.com', 'http://chat.helium.com/', 'https://t.me/helium_network'], 'explorers': ['explorer.helium.com'], 'community': ['chat.helium.com', 'https://twitter.com/helium', 'https://reddit.com/r/HeliumNetwork'], 'property': ['Enterprise solutions', 'Distributed Computing', 'IoT', 'USV Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 66, 'name': 'NEM', 'symbol': 'XEM', 'id': '873', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/nem/', 'slug': 'nem', 'max_supply': '8,999,999,999', 'about': 'NEM (New Economy Movement) is an ecosystem of platforms that use blockchain and cryptography to provide solutions for businesses and individuals. XEM is the native cryptocurrency of NEM’s NIS1 public blockchain.NIS1 operates in a similar way to Bitcoin (BTC): it has a network of distributed independent nodes that process and record transactions on a public ledger called “blockchain.” These nodes are incentivized to contribute their time and computing resources and remain incorruptible via transaction fee rewards; these rewards are paid out in XEM coins to each node that manages to add a new block of transactions to the end of the blockchain.However, NIS1’s blockchain has a number of unique features that set it apart from Bitcoin and most other cryptocurrencies.The alpha version of NIS1 — or NEM as it was known at that time — was launched on June 25, 2014, and its mainnet went live on March 31, 2015.NEM was originally created by three developers known by their pseudonyms on the Bitcointalk.org forum: Jaguar0625, BloodyRookie and gimre. Since its inception in 2014-2015, NEM has grown from a personal project of three programmers to a large ecosystem composed of several platforms.NEM’s overall development and promotion is now managed by NEM Group. NEM Group is a parent company designed to support the growth of the NEM ecosystem leading up to the launch of Symbol (NEM 2.0) and beyond. NEM Group was formed by a team of experienced NEM representatives and enterprise veterans who realized that a simplified structure would benefit the entire ecosystem, while also promoting more community input and engagement. The NEM Group Board of Directors is responsible for setting the strategy and budgets, and ensuring that all subsidiaries are working towards collective objectives. NEM Group comprises three separate entities: NEM Software, focused on the product and business development; NEM Trading, responsible for all finances, including liquidity management, exchange support and token lending; and NEM Ventures, the venture capital and investment arm, focused on strategic partnerships.XEM is a decentralized open-source cryptocurrency that has a number of unique features.Perhaps the most important of these is the way the NIS1 blockchain is secured. NIS1 uses its own proof-of-importance (PoI) algorithm — as opposed to the far more widespread proof-of-work and proof-of-stake — for the purpose of ensuring that transactions on the network are processed and recorded in a timely and honest manner.Proof-of-importance allows anyone to run a node on the NIS1 network and facilitate transactions via a process called “delegated harvesting.” The system takes into account every node’s amount of already held coins, how often they transact on the network and who they transact with, in order to approximate their “importance score” in NEM’s economy. Based on this score, the nodes then receive a share of the fees from the transactions they have helped to process.NEM claims that the proof-of-importance system ensures that the network can identify and reward those that actually use it the most.In addition to its unique PoI algorithm, NIS1 also supports such features as multisignature account contracts, encrypted messaging, the Eigentrust++ reputation system and the Apostille service for notarizing and checking the authenticity of files on blockchain.Another important market for NIS1 are enterprise-level solutions: through a purpose-built API system, NEM allows developers to integrate its blockchain infrastructure into third-party applications. Learn more about crypto on CoinMarketCap’s new educational platform Alexandria.Check out CMC’s blog.The total supply of XEM is 8.999 billion coins, all of which were created since the launch of the network — no new XEM can be mined. The network nodes are incentivized to process transactions via the distribution of fees on the transactions that are included in each new block.To secure its network, NEM uses Ed25519 public-key signature system and the SHA3 hash algorithm.It is possible to buy XEM or use trading pairs that are available, such as:', 'website': 'http://nem.io', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/nemtech', 'whitepaper': 'https://nem.io/wp-content/themes/nem/files/NEM_techRef.pdf', 'other_links': ['nem.io', 'https://t.me/nemred'], 'explorers': ['chain.nem.ninja', 'explorer.nemtool.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.nem.io', 'https://twitter.com/NEMofficial', 'https://reddit.com/r/nem'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoI'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Payments', 'Smart Contracts']} ,
{'rank': 67, 'name': 'XinFin Network', 'symbol': 'XDC', 'id': '2634', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/xinfin-network/', 'slug': 'xinfin-network', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://explorer.xinfin.network/home', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/XinFinOrg/XDPoSChain', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.xinfin.io/#white-paper', 'other_links': ['xinfin.org', 'www.xinfin.io', 'https://t.me/xinfintalk', 'https://t.me/xinfintech'], 'explorers': ['explorer.xinfin.network'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/XinFin_Official', 'https://reddit.com/r/xinfin'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi', 'Smart Contracts', 'Masternodes', 'DPoS', 'PoS']} ,
{'rank': 68, 'name': 'Holo', 'symbol': 'HOT', 'id': '2682', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/holo/', 'slug': 'holo', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Holo is a peer-to-peer distributed platform for hosting decentralized applications built using Holochain, a framework for developing DApps that does not require the use of blockchain technology. The goal of Holo is to serve as a bridge between the broader internet and apps built using Holochain, offering an ecosystem and marketplace in which DApps are easily accessible, as they are hosted on the internet by Holo network participants.The Holo network will be facilitated using a token called HoloFuel, which is actively being tested and will act as an accounting system to pay hosts for their services. In 2018, the project minted an ERC-20 token, HOT — also known as HoloToken — as an "IOU" that will be redeemable for HoloFuel upon launch.Holo is still in development and is expected to launch for open alpha and beta testing by 2021.Holo was founded by Arthur Brock and Eric Harris-Braun, both of whom are experienced contract coders. The two first started working on the project in December 2016 as a part of the MetaCurrency Project, a developer of tools and technology designed to power a future P2P economy. Holo was partially modeled after Ceptr, a cooperative P2P framework for DApps that the two had previously worked on.Brock has prior experience coding alternative currency systems as the founder of Geek Gene, a company that developed community-building tools, including more than 100 alternative currency solutions. He also co-founded social-enterprise incubator Emerging Leader Labs and founded open-source education "starter kit" Agile Learning Centers. In March 2019, Brock was named a fellow of the New Zealand-based Edmond Hillary Fellowship.Harris-Braun started programming full time in 1988 and is the founder of Glass Bead Software, a developer of peer-to-peer communication software, as well as co-founder of Emerging Leader Labs alongside Brock. In 2003, he co-founded Harris-Braun Enterprises, a freelance software development and consulting firm. He has also served on the advisory board of the Schumacher Center For New Economics.According to its "green paper," Holo is designed to act as a bridge between Holochain, which represents the world of crypto technology, and everyday users. The project highlights several innovations that it says will "enable a large shift in the landscape of crypto applications and currencies," including the ability to host P2P apps on the internet for mainstream users.The Holo network relies on a series of hosts that provide storage and processing power for DApps built using Holochain. Hosts either install software on their computer that runs in the background and automatically allocates extra processing power to Holochain-based DApps, or they operate a dedicated machine such as a HoloPort. In exchange, hosts are paid in HoloFuel, a token that is specifically designed for microtransactions. The design of HoloFuel is expected to allow the Holo network to process billions of simultaneous transactions.The project\'s business plan centers on building a P2P ecosystem of hosts and applications, comparing its intended effect on app hosting to that of Uber and Airbnb on the taxi and hotel industries, respectively. Holo charges a fee on HoloFuel transactions, so its revenue model is directly tied to growing the number of applications and hosts on the network.Learn about Ethereum, the most popular platform used by DApps.Learn about Siacoin, the token powering the decentralized cloud storage platform Sia.Want to test out a DApp? Learn how to easily access one from your mobile phone with an in-depth guide on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap\'s online educational resource.Stay up to date on the latest decentralized platforms and applications with the CoinMarketCap blog.Holo held an "initial community offering" from March 2018 through April 2018. Ultimately, 177.6 billion HOT was minted through a demand-determined process, with 133.2 billion HOT (75%) allocated for public sale and 44.4 billion HOT (25%) reserved for the team and company. Team tokens were not subject to vesting or lock-up periods.Once HoloFuel is launched, HOT tokens will be able to be swapped at a one-to-one ratio for HoloFuel tokens. In January 2019, Holo stated that instead of being immediately burned, the swapped HOT will instead be kept as a reserve currency to provide liquidity to HoloFuel holders.HoloFuel will have no supply limit. Rather, it is designed to be dynamic and incorporate a credit system, allowing users to have negative balances. The supply will be controlled algorithmically, contracting and expanding in response to demand and as the relationships between users with negative and positive balances change. Holo intends for this to cause the price of its tokens to remain relatively stable from moment to moment, rather than be subject to wild, speculative price swings.The Holo network acts as a bridge between the centralized internet and Holochain, which does not rely on traditional blockchain technology. As such, it does not rely on global consensus to secure its networks. Rather, each DApp has its own set of validation rules and a local hash chain on which it can store cryptographically signed records. When data is transmitted across multiple nodes, random peers act as validators, receiving data and verifying that it follows the correct rules. Validators use a gossip protocol to share good data among one another and warn of bad data or blacklist bad actors.According to its development team, Holo is designed to be as decentralized as possible in order to reduce the risks associated with giving any one entity too much power. The connection between hosts and applications is end-to-end encrypted, and Holo uses a globally distributed network of servers.HOT can be purchased on cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance, Bitrue, ProBit Exchange and MXC.COM, among others. It can be traded on spot markets against fiat currencies such as the U.S. dollar and the euro, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH) and the stablecoin Tether (USDT).Are you interested in buying HOT or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'http://t.me/channelHolo', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/holochain', 'whitepaper': 'https://holo.host/whitepapers/', 'other_links': ['holochain.org', 'holo.host', 'http://t.me/channelHolo'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/H_O_L_O_', 'https://reddit.com/r/holochain'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Distributed Computing', 'Filesharing', 'Storage']} ,
{'rank': 69, 'name': 'Enjin Coin', 'symbol': 'ENJ', 'id': '2130', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/enjin-coin/', 'slug': 'enjin-coin', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': "Enjin Coin is a project of Enjin, a company that provides an ecosystem of interconnected, blockchain-based gaming products. Enjin's flagship offering is the Enjin Network, a social gaming platform through which users can create websites and clans, chat, and host virtual item stores.Enjin allows game developers to tokenize in-game items on the Ethereum blockchain. It uses Enjin Coin, an ERC-20 token, to back the digital assets issued using its platform, meaning that items can be bought, sold and traded with real-world value.Enjin Coin was first announced in July 2017, and it launched on the Ethereum mainnet in June 2018.Enjin Coin (ENJ) is a digital store of value used to back the value of blockchain assets like non-fungible tokens (NFTs).\nEvery asset minted with the Enjin Platform contains ENJ, a minting resource which is locked inside NFTs and removed from circulation. Minting blockchain assets with ENJ provides a variety of benefits to creators and users:The Enjin blockchain ecosystem aims to offer software products that make it easy for everyone to develop, trade, monetize, and market with blockchain.Founded in 2009, Enjin has roots in the gaming industry, with the company’s first product, a gaming community platform called the Enjin Network, growing to 20 million users over the course of a decade.In 2017 following an ICO, Enjin established itself as a leading blockchain ecosystem developer, building a suite of software products that enable anyone to easily mint, manage, trade, distribute, and integrate blockchain assets.Enjin’s co-founder Witek Radomski wrote the code for one of the first ever non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and is also the co-author of the ERC-1155 Ethereum token standard.Built on top of an on-chain infrastructure, the Enjin ecosystem enables game developers and businesses of all sizes to use tokenized digital assets as part of their acquisition, retention, engagement, and monetization strategies. The Enjin ecosystem is fueled by Enjin Coin (ENJ), a cryptocurrency used to back the value of blockchain assets.Enjin was founded as a gaming community platform in 2009 by Maxim Blagov and Witek Radomski, with Blagov becoming CEO and assuming responsibility for the creative direction of the company and Radomski serving as chief technical officer, responsible for the technical development of its products. Blagov has described himself as having experience in creative direction, marketing, and software project management and design.The idea of introducing blockchain to Enjin was first proposed by Radomski after he became interested in Bitcoin (BTC) in 2012, eventually convincing the company to accept it as a payment option. After learning about Ethereum and smart contracts, he decided he wanted to create his own blockchain-integrated software. Radomski is also the author of the ERC-1155 token standard, a new standard for Ethereum-issued tokens that was introduced in June 2018, finalized in June 2019, and is used for minting both fungible and nonfungible tokens.According to co-founder Radomski, Enjin Coin is unique in that every token minted with Enjin Platform, the company's blockchain asset development platform that launched in February 2020, is directly backed by ENJ, giving in-game items real-world liquidity. Similarly, Blagov has stated that the company is focused on adoption, saying he imagines a future in which millions of gamers use digital items backed by Enjin Coin without even knowing it exists.Enjin Coin uses a series of smart contracts to which game developers send ENJ to mint new, unique fungible or nonfungible ERC-1155 tokens. These tokens can be traded on the Enjin Marketplace, which launched in September 2019, or exchanged for their backing ENJ at any time. As more custom tokens are minted, more ENJ is removed from the ecosystem, thus making it scarcer.According to its whitepaper, Enjin Coin uses a series of both on-chain and off-chain processes. When a transaction is completed within the Enjin ecosystem, a Trusted Platform contacts the users' smart wallets, and the website or game is updated immediately with a placeholder or nontradable version of the digital item until the transaction has been validated by the Ethereum blockchain.Learn about Decentraland, a virtual world where land ownership is backed by cryptocurrency.Learn about Atari Token, the cryptocurrency project by iconic video game producer Atari.Want to know more about initial coin offerings? Read an in-depth guide on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap's online educational resource.Stay up to date on how blockchain is disrupting the gaming industry with the CoinMarketCap Blog.Enjin Coin has a fixed maximum supply of 1 billion tokens. However, as the ecosystem grows and more ENJ is locked into in-game digital assets, the number of coins actually circulating will decrease.Enjin Coin was first made available for purchase during a presale event in September 2017 in which 400 million ENJ was sold for a total of 38,800 Ether (ETH), worth $12 million at the time, with another 100 million ENJ given away as bonuses. In total, the presale sold and gave away 50% of the total supply. An initial coin offering was held in October 2017, with 300 million ENJ — 30% of the total supply — available for sale. The ICO raised 75,041 ETH, worth $18.9 million at the time. Tokens that were not sold during the ICO were locked for six months to be later used for community initiatives and marketing.10% of the total token supply was reserved for the company for community initiatives, beta testing, marketing and strategic partnerships, while another 10% was reserved for team members and advisors. Team member tokens were locked for the first six months and vested over a period of 24 months, while advisor tokens were locked for two months and fully released afterward.Enjin Coin is an ERC-20 token issued on the Ethereum blockchain, meaning that any on-chain ENJ transactions are validated and secured by the Ethereum network using a proof-of-work consensus algorithm. Miners compete among each other to add new blocks to the blockchain and a majority of all nodes in the network must confirm a record for it to be posted.The underlying smart contracts that power Enjin Coin have undergone several audits, including by Ethereum developer Matthew Di Ferrante in September 2017, smart-contract auditor and developer ZK Labs in early 2018, and Castillo Network in July 2019.In October 2020, Enjin launched a bug bounty program via information security company HackerOne.Enjin Coin can be purchased on cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance, Bithumb, Uniswap (V2) and Balancer, among others. It can be traded against fiat currencies such as the U.S. dollar and the euro, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ether, and stablecoins such as Tether (USDT) and USD Coin (USDC). It can be bought and sold on both spot and derivatives markets.Are you interested in buying ENJ or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.", 'website': 'https://enjin.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/enjin/contracts', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.enjin.io/', 'other_links': ['enjin.io', 'https://t.me/enjin'], 'explorers': ['enjinx.io', 'etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/enjin', 'https://reddit.com/r/EnjinCoin'], 'application': ['Metaverse'], 'property': ['Media', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'Gaming'], 'platform': ['Ethereum']} ,
{'rank': 70, 'name': 'Zilliqa', 'symbol': 'ZIL', 'id': '2469', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/zilliqa/', 'slug': 'zilliqa', 'max_supply': '21,000,000,000', 'about': 'Zilliqa is a public, permissionless blockchain that is designed to offer high throughput with the ability to complete thousands of transactions per second. It seeks to solve the issue of blockchain scalability and speed by employing sharding as a second-layer scaling solution. The platform is home to many decentralized applications, and as of October 2020, it also allows for staking and yield farming.Development work officially started on Zilliqa in June 2017, and its testnet went live in March 2018. A little over a year later, in June 2019, the platform launched its mainnet.The native utility token of Zilliqa, ZIL, is used to process transactions on the network and execute smart contracts.Zilliqa was first conceived by Prateek Saxena, an assistant professor at the National University of Singapore School of Computing. Saxena and several students in the School of Computing published a paper in 2016 that outlined how a sharding-focused blockchain could improve network efficiency and speed.Around the same time, Saxena co-founded Anquan Capital alongside Max Kantelia, a lifelong finance and tech entrepreneur, and Juzar Motiwalla, former president of the Singapore Computer Society. The company incorporated Zilliqa Research in June 2017 to develop the Zilliqa network, bringing on Dong Xinshu as its CEO, Yaoqi Jia as its chief technology officer and Amrit Kumar as its chief scientific officer. All three previously worked as research fellows at the NUS School of Computing.Zilliqa claims to be the world\'s first public blockchain to rely entirely on a sharded network. This allows it to achieve high throughput and a high rate of transactions per second, which it says solves the scalability issue. Because each shard processes transactions individually, as the network grows and the number of shards increases, the number of transactions that can be processed per second also increases. As well, records are immediately added to the Zilliqa blockchain after being processed, meaning that no additional time for confirmation is required.Zilliqa seeks to become the blockchain of choice for large-scale enterprise use, including among the advertising, gaming, entertainment and financial services and payments industries. In its 2018 position paper, its team states that the platform "aims to rival traditional centralized payment methods such as VISA and MasterCard."Both Anquan Capital and Zilliqa Research, the company responsible for developing Zilliqa, hold significant reserves of ZIL.Learn about the largest blockchain to consider incorporating sharding, Ethereum.Learn about Harmony, another high-throughput, sharded blockchain project.Want to better understand crypto markets? Read CoinMarketCap\'s in-depth guide on tokenomics.Stay up to date on the ins and outs of crypto with the CoinMarketCap Blog.Zilliqa has a fixed maximum supply of 21 billion tokens. ZIL was first made available for sale as an ERC-20 token as a part of a token generation event that concluded in January 2018. The tokens were subsequently transferred to the Zilliqa mainnet in a token-swap event that concluded in February 2020.Before launching, Zilliqa generated 60% of all tokens (12.6 billion ZIL) to be distributed at the token generation event, and the remaining 40% (8.4 billion ZIL) will be created through the mining process. Ten percent of all tokens (2.1 billion ZIL) were reserved for Anquan Capital, 12% (2.52 billion ZIL) for Zilliqa Research, and 5% for contemporary and future Zilliqa team members — all of which were announced to be distributed quarterly over a three-year period.Zilliqa is designed such that all tokens will be minted within 10 years, with the block mining reward slowly decreasing. According to its whitepaper, the project aims to have 80% of the tokens (16.8 billion ZIL) mined within the first four years and 20% (4.2 billion ZIL) in the remaining six years.The Zilliqa network is secured through a practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance, or pBFT, consensus protocol, meaning that at least two-thirds of all nodes must agree that a record is accurate in order for it to be added to the blockchain. Each Zilliqa blockchain shard relies on a group of nodes to confirm a subsection of all the transactions, and once each shard has reached a consensus, a second group of nodes confirms the shards\' collective results and adds a new block to the blockchain.The network uses elliptic-curve cryptography to secure its consensus protocol and allows for multisignatures. In addition to the pBFT consensus protocol that secures its transaction records, Zilliqa also uses a proof-of-work algorithm to assign node identities and generate shards.Zilliqa developed a new language, Scilla, for its smart contracts. Short for Smart Contract Intermediate-Level Language, Scilla is a safety-focused language intended to automatically identify and eliminate security vulnerabilities at the language-level and make it easier to formally verify the safety of smart contracts through mathematical proofs.Zilliqa\'s native token, ZIL, is listed on several major cryptocurrency exchanges — including Binance, Huobi, Bitfinex and Bithumb — where it is available to be traded against fiat currencies, stablecoins and other cryptocurrencies.Are you interested in buying ZIL or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC)? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://www.zilliqa.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Zilliqa/Zilliqa', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.zilliqa.com/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.zilliqa.com', 'https://t.me/zilliqachat'], 'explorers': ['viewblock.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/zilliqa', 'https://reddit.com/r/zilliqa'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Payments', 'Smart Contracts', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital'], 'other': ['Mineable'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Sharding', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'Singapore']} ,
{'rank': 71, 'name': 'SushiSwap', 'symbol': 'SUSHI', 'id': '6758', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/sushiswap/', 'slug': 'sushiswap', 'max_supply': '250,000,000', 'about': 'SushiSwap (SUSHI) is an example of an automated market maker (AMM). An increasingly popular tool among cryptocurrency users, AMMs are decentralized exchanges which use smart contracts to create markets for any given pair of tokens.SushiSwap launched in September 2020 as a fork of Uniswap, the AMM which has become synonymous with the decentralized finance (DeFi) movement and associated trading boom in DeFi tokens.SushiSwap aims to diversify the AMM market and also add additional features not previously present on Uniswap, such as increased rewards for network participants via its in-house token, SUSHI.SushiSwap was founded by the pseudonymous entity known only as Chef Nomi. Little is known about Chef Nomi, or his or her impetus for forking off from Uniswap.The project has two other pseudonymous co-founders, sushiswap and 0xMaki, also known as just Maki. Between them, they handle SushiSwap’s code, product development and business operations.More recently, de facto ownership of SushiSwap was passed to Sam Bankman-Fried, CEO of derivatives exchange FTX and quantitative trading startup Alameda Research.Bankman-Fried is a well-known participant and cryptocurrency market commentator, regularly appearing in media interviews. SushiSwap primarily exists as an AMM, through which automated trading liquidity is set up between any two cryptocurrency assets.Its main audience is DeFi traders and associated entities looking to capitalize on the boom in project tokens and create liquidity.AMMs do away with order books entirely while avoiding problems such as liquidity issues, which hamper traditional decentralized exchanges.SushiSwap aims to improve on the offerings of its parent, Uniswap, by increasing the impact users can have on its operations and future. The platform takes a 0.3% cut from transactions occurring in its liquidity pools, while its SUSHI token is used to reward users portions of those fees. SUSHI also entitles users to governance rights. Learn more about Uniswap’s distribution on the CMC blog here.New to DeFi? Learn more about it here.Cryptocurrency newbie? Check out Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education suite.SushiSwap’s in-house token SUSHI is created at a rate of 100 tokens per block. The first 100,000 blocks had a block reward of 1,000 SUSHI.The supply of SUSHI will depend on the block rate. At approximately 6,500 per day, and therefore 650,000 newly-minted tokens per day, there will be roughly 326 million tokens in circulation by September 2021, a year after SushiSwap first launched.SUSHI had no premine, and began to be minted at Ethereum block number 10,750,000, beginning with a supply of zero tokens.SushiSwap attempts to mitigate the traditional risks of depositing funds in smart contracts by upping the governance powers of its users.The anonymity of its developers poses questions beyond a technical standpoint. In September 2020, for example, Chef Nomi was involved in a spat with users after withdrawing 38,000 in Ethereum (ETH) from SushiSwap. The funds were subsequently returned, with Chef Nomi publicly apologizing for doing so and calling the move a mistake.SushiSwap (SUSHI) is a freely-tradable token, with the majority of volume on major exchanges occurring on Binance, Huobi Global and OKEx.Pairs against other cryptocurrencies and stablecoins are active, as well as with fiat, including on Bankman-Fried’s FTX exchange.New to cryptocurrency? Learn how to buy Bitcoin and other tokens here.', 'website': 'https://sushi.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/sushiswap/sushiswap', 'other_links': ['sushi.com', 'https://discord.com/invite/MsVBwEc'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'explorer.solana.com', 'blockscout.com', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/sushiswap', 'https://reddit.com/r/SushiSwap'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'AMM', 'Yearn Partnerships', 'Governance', 'Avalanche Ecosystem', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'DeFiance Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 72, 'name': 'Celo', 'symbol': 'CELO', 'id': '5567', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/celo/', 'slug': 'celo', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Celo is a blockchain ecosystem focused on increasing cryptocurrency adoption among smartphone users.By using phone numbers as public keys, Celo hopes to introduce the world’s billions of smartphone owners, including those without banking access, to transacting in cryptocurrency.The network also allows for the creation of smart contracts and decentralized applications (DApps) as part of decentralized finance (DeFi). Its mainnet was launched in April 2020.The platform has two native tokens. CELO is a proof-of-stake (PoS) token used for transaction fees, governance participation and related activities. In future, the platform aims to host various stablecoins, with one, the Celo Dollar (CUSD), already in use.Celo was originally founded by a team comprised of people from MIT, Stanford, Google, Square, Circle, Visa, GoDaddy, World Bank, Federal Reserve Bank, Harvard University, University of Pennsylvania Law School, Cambridge University, U.S. Department of Justice, Bank Of America, Capital One, Twitter, Give Directly, and the Gates FoundationSeparate entities are aimed at Celo’s promotion and preservation. The dedicated Celo Foundation is a non-profit which launched along with the mainnet, while the Celo Alliance for Prosperity is what the company describes as an “ecosystem of mission-aligned organizations.”Celo’s main unique selling point lies in its focus on smartphone users. The company argues that the number of smartphone owners is increasing exponentially, but the number of people using cryptocurrency is rising at a much slower pace.Cryptocurrency is further highly suited to regions in which a large section of the population does not have access to the banking sector, but still has a smartphone.Bridging the gap between the two technologies is what Celo aims to do, along with harnessing the benefits of DeFi by supporting the creation of DApps and smart contracts.Optimized for mobile, the Celo blockchain automatically calculates transaction fees, and also allows users to pay the gas fees which power transactions in any currency.Read more about Facebook Libra here.Crypto newbie? Find out everything you need to know on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.Click here to check out CoinMarketCap’s blog.CELO and CUSD perform complementary functions within the Celo platform. CELO has a capped supply of 1 billion (1,000,000,000) tokens, of which 600 million were available when the mainnet launched in April 2020.The last 40% of the supply will be released gradually via fees and rewards, and various vesting schedules are in place depending on how initial investors received their tokens.In addition, up to 120 million CELO will go towards a reserve designed to maintain the validity and price stability of CUSD. As a stablecoin, CUSD is envisioned as a convenient payment method for Celo users who will not have to worry about their holdings fluctuating in value.Celo uses proof-of-stake to maintain security, and has a complex election process to determine validators of its blockchain.Holders of CELO are able to use their holdings as a means of participating in elections by voting for groups of validators.CELO is a freely tradable cryptocurrency on the ERC-20 token standard, available at various major exchanges. These include Coinbase Pro and Bittrex, with cryptocurrency, stablecoin and fiat pairs in use.New to cryptocurrency? Check out our easy guide to buying Bitcoin (BTC) or any other token.', 'website': 'https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/', 'whitepaper': 'http://docs.celo.org/', 'other_links': ['celo.org', 'www.celocamp.com', 'https://discord.com/invite/nfmTPV2', 'https://t.me/celoplatform'], 'explorers': ['thecelo.com', 'explorer.celo.org', 'stats.celo.org'], 'community': ['forum.celo.org', 'https://twitter.com/CeloOrg', 'https://reddit.com/r/CeloHQ'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoS'], 'property': ['Zero Knowledge Proofs', 'Mobile', 'Payments', 'Smart Contracts', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Stablecoin - Algorithmically-Stabilized', 'Stablecoin', 'DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 73, 'name': 'Stacks', 'symbol': 'STX', 'id': '4847', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/stacks/', 'slug': 'stacks', 'max_supply': '1,818,000,000', 'about': 'Stacks is a layer-1 blockchain solution that is designed to bring smart contracts and decentralized applications (DApps) to Bitcoin (BTC). These smart contracts are brought to Bitcoin without changing any of the features that make it so powerful — including its security and stability. These DApps are open and modular, meaning developers can build on top of each other\'s apps to produce features that are simply not possible in a regular app. Since Stacks uses Bitcoin as a base layer, everything that happens on the network is settled on the most widely used arguably the most secure blockchain in operation — Bitcoin. The platform is powered by the Stacks token (STX), which is used for fueling the execution of smart contracts, processing transactions and registering new digital assets on the Stacks 2.0 blockchain. The platform was formerly known as Blockstack, but was rebranded to Stacks in Q4 2020 in order to "separate the ecosystem and open source project from Blockstack PBC" — the company that built the original protocols.The mainnet for Stacks 2.0 launched in January 2021.Stacks was initially funded by a range of prominent venture capital funds, including Y Combinator, Digital Currency Group and Winklevoss Capital. It was developed by Blockstack PBC, which has its headquarters in New York. Blockstack PBC now operates under the name Hiro Systems PBC and joins a wide range of companies building on Stacks\' platform.Blockstack PBC was founded by Muneeb Ali and Ryan Shea. After graduating from Princeton University with an MA and PhD in computer science, Muneeb Ali co-founded Stacks in 2013, and still works with the platform today as the CEO of Hiro Systems PBC. The second co-founder of the platform, Ryan Shea, also served co-CEO between 2013 and 2018, before disembarking from the project to pursue other ventures — including co-founding a new tech startup that is currently operating in stealth. Prior to his role at Stacks, Shea worked as a software engineer. Stacks looks to take what makes Bitcoin so powerful, and extends it with additional functionality, without needing to fork or change the original Bitcoin blockchain. It does this by connecting directly with the Bitcoin blockchain through its proof-of-transfer (PoX) consensus mechanism, which has miners pay in BTC to mint new Stacks (STX) tokens. Moreover, STX token holders can also stack (not stake) their tokens to earn Bitcoin as a reward. Stacks introduces a new smart contract programming language known as Clarity, which is designed to be both secure and easy to build with thanks to its unambiguous syntax. This smart contract-centric programming language is also used by the Algorand (ALGO) blockchain. On top of this, Stacks was the first cryptocurrency to receive SEC qualification for a sale in the United States, allowing it to launch a $28 million Reg A+ sale cash offering for its STX tokens in July 2019. Check out Wrapped Bitcoin (WBTC) — an ERC-20 token backed 1:1 with actual BTC.Check out Bitcoin Cash (BCH) — a forked of Bitcoin with several significant changes.Learn about side chains with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Stay on top of the latest product updates, partnerships, and announcements with the CoinMarketCap blog.According to the recently revamped economic policy launched with Stacks 2.0, the supply of the newly unlocked STX in circulation will be reduced by around 10% between now and 2020 compared to the original schedule. In total, around 1.82 billion STX are expected to be in circulation by 2050, compared to around 739.7 million in circulation as of January 2021.As per the Stacks 2.0 whitepaper draft (v0.1), a total of 1,000 STX per block will be released in the first four years, decreasing to 500 STX/block in the subsequent 4 years, 250 STX/block in the next four years, and then 120 STX/block after that in perpetuity.In total, 6.6% of the initial genesis supply (1.32 billion STX) was allocated to the founder and a further 7.9% to the Stacks team. These are subject to a three year unlock schedule, with tokens next scheduled to unlock in November 2021.Stacks uses the Bitcoin blockchain as its base layer. As a Proof of Work (PoW)-based blockchain, Bitcoin uses the combined efforts of thousands of miners and nodes to protect the network against attacks by making it computationally and economically unfeasible to subvert the network. On top of this, Stacks introduces its own consensus model, known as proof-of-transfer (PoX), which is a novel mining mechanism that sees users transfer the base currency (BTC) to mine STX — effectively bootstrapping the security of the Stacks blockchain using BTC. STX is available to trade on several prominent exchange platforms, including Binance and KuCoin. For a full list of available trading pairs and supported platforms, see the markets section. For more information about buying cryptocurrencies with fiat, click here.', 'website': 'https://stacks.co', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/blockstack', 'whitepaper': 'https://gaia.blockstack.org/hub/1AxyPunHHAHiEffXWESKfbvmBpGQv138Fp/stacks.pdf', 'other_links': ['stacks.co', 'https://t.me/BlockstackChat', 'https://chat.blockstack.org/'], 'explorers': ['explorer.stacks.co'], 'community': ['blog.blockstack.org', 'forum.blockstack.org', 'https://twitter.com/Stacks', 'https://reddit.com/r/stacks'], 'property': ['Arrington XRP capital', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', 'Huobi Capital', 'USV Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 74, 'name': 'Decentraland', 'symbol': 'MANA', 'id': '1966', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/decentraland/', 'slug': 'decentraland', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Decentraland (MANA) defines itself as a virtual reality platform powered by the Ethereum blockchain that allows users to create, experience, and monetize content and applications. In this virtual world, users purchase plots of land that they can later navigate, build upon and monetize. Decentraland was launched following a $24 million initial coin offering (ICO) that was conducted in 2017. The virtual world launched its closed beta in 2019 and opened to the public in February 2020. Since then, users have created a wide range of experiences on their parcels of LAND, including interactive games, sprawling 3D scenes and a variety of other interactive experiences. Decentraland uses two tokens: MANA and LAND. MANA is an ERC-20 token that must be burned to acquire non-fungible ERC-721 LAND tokens. MANA tokens can also be used to pay for a range of avatars, wearables, names, and more on the Decentraland marketplace.Decentraland was co-founded by Ariel Meilich and Esteban Ordano — both of whom have stepped down from major positions at the project, but still work alongside Decentraland as advisors. Ariel Meilich previously held the role of project lead at Decentraland between 2017 and 2020, and is a serial entrepreneur that has founded several other startups, including an online translation agency and a CRM platform. He also worked as an analyst at Charles River Ventures, a prominent Silicon Valley venture fund. On the other hand, Esteban Ordano is Decentraland\'s former tech lead and has a long and varied history in the cryptocurrency space working as a software engineer at BitPay, Inc., an advisor to Matic Network and briefly operated his own smart contract development firm known as Smart Contract Solutions. Esteban is also credited with co-founding Zeppelin Solutions, an established blockchain technology infrastructure company. Although Ariel and Estaban are no longer leading the project, the development of Decentraland is still ongoing, with efforts being directed by the recently established Decentraland Foundation. Decentraland is built for content creators, businesses and individuals that are looking for a new artistic medium, business opportunity, or source of entertainment.In total, the Decentraland gameworld — termed the “Metaverse” — is divided into 90,601 individual parcels of LAND, each of which is represented by an ERC-721 non-fungible token. Each LAND is exactly 16m x 16m (100 square meters) and can be found at a particular coordinate in the Metaverse. Though LAND holders are free to develop their plot into whatever they choose, much of the Metaverse is broadly divided into several districts, each of which has a different size and theme. These districts were generated through individual crowdsales for MANA tokens, and parcels of LAND in these districts cannot be traded. As of January 2021, the cyberpunk-themed Aetheria is the largest district — comprising a total of 8,008 LAND. Decentraland is also one of the growing number of projects to use a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) structure for governance decisions. As a result, MANA toker holders are in control of how the Decentraland world behaves, by proposing and voting on policy updates, the specifics of upcoming LAND auctions and the types of content that are allowed with the Metaverse.Besides being a creative outlet, many Decentraland users currently monetize their LAND through leasing, advertising and paid experiences. Likewise, other users generate an income by creating and selling items on the Decentraland marketplace for MANA tokens. Check out AnRKey X (ANRX) — the first game to merge DeFi, e-sports, and Web 3.0.Check out Axie Infinity (AXS) — a digital pet universe and decentralized trading game.Learn more about non-fungible tokens with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Get the latest crypto news and latest trading insights with the CoinMarketCap blog.As of January 2021, just north of 1.49 billion MANA tokens were in circulation. This is equivalent to around 68% of the current total supply of 2.19 billion MANA. The original total supply was set at 2.8 billion MANA, but has been reduced as more than 600 million MANA have been burned as a result of LAND auctions. There is also a range of further burn mechanisms in place to further reduce the circulating supply of MANA, including a 2.5% MANA burn on Decentraland marketplace transactions. MANA was originally designed to inflate at 8 percent in the first year, decreasing gradually over time to reduce the rate of inflation. But inflation is currently disabled. As per the Decentraland glossary, there are no plans to initiate this inflation "until necessary".In total, 40% of the MANA supply was sold during the 2017 initial coin offering (ICO). In addition, 20% was reserved to incentivize the community, 20% went to the development team and other early contributors, and the remaining 20% was held by Decentraland. Project lead tokens are no longer vested. MANA is an ERC-20 token. This means it is based on the Ethereum blockchain.Ethereum is secured by a massive decentralized network of miners, which work together with thousands of nodes to ensure the Ethereum blockchain—and hence the MANA tokens—is protected against attacks. As one of the most battle-tested blockchains in current usage, Ethereum is currently the most popular network for crypto tokens that don’t have their own native blockchain. The MANA token currently benefits from excellent liquidity and can be purchased, traded or sold on around 100 different exchange platforms. As of January 2021, Binance, OKEx and Coinbase Pro are among the most liquid exchanges for MANA tokens. A full list of available markets can be found in the “Markets” section. MANA can currently be traded against Bitcoin (BTC), Tether (USDT), and Ethereum (ETH) — and can be purchased with a range of fiat currencies, including KRW and USD.', 'website': 'https://decentraland.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/decentraland', 'whitepaper': 'https://decentraland.org/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['decentraland.org', 'https://t.me/DecentralandTG', 'https://dcl.gg/discord'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.decentraland.org', 'https://twitter.com/decentraland', 'https://reddit.com/r/decentraland'], 'application': ['Metaverse'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'Gaming', 'Payments', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 75, 'name': 'Basic Attention Token', 'symbol': 'BAT', 'id': '1697', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/basic-attention-token/', 'slug': 'basic-attention-token', 'max_supply': '1,500,000,000', 'about': "Basic Attention Token, or BAT, is the token that powers a new blockchain-based digital advertising platform designed to fairly reward users for their attention, while providing advertisers with a better return on their ad spend. This experience is delivered through the Brave Browser, where users can watch privacy-preserving adverts and receive BAT rewards for doing so. On the other hand, advertisers can deliver targeted ads to maximize engagement and cut down losses due to ad fraud and abuse.The Basic Attention Token itself is the unit of reward in this advertising ecosystem, and is exchanged between advertisers, publishers and users. Advertisers pay for their advertising campaigns in BAT tokens. Out of this budget, a small portion is distributed to advertisers, while 70% is distributed to users — whereas the intermediaries that typically drive up advertising costs are cut out of the equation to improve cost-efficiency. Basic Attention Token launched in 2017 following one of the fastest sell-out initial coin offerings (ICOs) of all time, with the platform raising a total of $35 million in under a minute. Since then, it has rolled out its attention-based advertising experience to users in most countries through its Brave Rewards program. As of November 2020, the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada had the most active advertising campaigns.Basic Attention Token has two founders: Brendan Eich and Brian Bondy — two highly distinguished individuals in the internet browsing software industry. Brendan Eich is the CEO of Brave Software, Inc — the parent firm behind the Brave browser and Basic Attention Token. Prior to his role at Brave, Eich was the founder and CTO of Mozilla and also invented JavaScript in 1995. He also helped launch one of the world's most popular web browsers in 2004 — Mozilla Firefox.Likewise, Brian Bondy joins as Brave's and Basic Attention Token’s CTO. Bondy is a heavily experienced engineer with previous experience working as a senior software engineer at Mozilla, software developer at Corel Corporation and software development lead at Khan Academy. Together, Eich and Bondy have a combined 50+ years of software development experience. In total, the Basic Attention Token website lists 16 team members, many of whom have a development, engineering or research background.The primary use case for the Basic Attention Token is as a payment token for running advertising campaigns through Brave Ads. As of November 2020, advertisers must commit to a minimum ad spend of $2,500 per month to be able to launch their campaign, but a self-serve platform with potentially lower limits is currently in the pipeline. Currently, this advertising budget must be paid entirely in Basic Attention Tokens, which advertisers can acquire from a variety of third-party exchange platforms. Out of this, Brave takes a small commission, and the rest is distributed to publishers and users. One of the main distinguishing features about Basic Attention Token and the Brave Browser ecosystem is the capacity to reward (tip) users who are not yet part of the network — this includes both websites and individual Twitter users. These users can then securely register to the platform to collect any tips they have accumulated. Both Basic Attention Token and Brave Browser have achieved significant user uptake since their launch. As of October 2020, Brave Browser has a total of 20.5 million active monthly users, whereas the Basic Attention Token is now held by a total of more than 368,000 unique wallets.Check out Decentr (DEC) — a blockchain-powered web browser and web 3.0 portal.Explore AdEx Network (ADX) — the blockchain-powered advertising platform.Meet CoinMarketCap Alexandria — the compendium of crypto knowledge.Get ahead of the market with the largest news, analyses, and updates with the CoinMarketCap blog.Basic Attention Token has a maximum total supply of 1.5 billion tokens. This cannot be increased without switching to a new token smart contract.Almost all of this supply is in current circulation. As a result, Basic Attention Token can be considered almost fully diluted. In its 2017 ICO, a total of 1 billion BAT tokens were sold to investors, whereas the remaining 200 million tokens were locked in a development pool, and 300 million BAT was reserved for the user growth pool (UGP). As of November 2020, both the development pool and UGP pool addresses are nearly empty.Basic Network Token (BAT) is an ERC-20 token. As such, it is built on the Ethereum blockchain. Like any ERC-20 token, BAT is secured by a rigorously tested proof-of-work (POW) consensus algorithm supported by an extensive Ethereum miner network. This consensus algorithm ensures only valid transactions are confirmed, while the combined work of the Ethereum mining network ensures BAT transactions are essentially irreversible once confirmed. Basic Attention Token can currently be traded on the majority of popular cryptocurrency exchange platforms, and currently has excellent liquidity. Binance, Coinbase Pro and Huobi Global count among the most reputable exchanges for BAT trades. Like many cryptocurrencies, BAT can be purchased directly using fiat at a variety of brokers or can be traded against fiat assets on platforms like Kraken and Bithumb.", 'website': 'https://basicattentiontoken.org/', 'whitepaper': 'https://basicattentiontoken.org/BasicAttentionTokenWhitePaper-4.pdf', 'other_links': ['basicattentiontoken.org', 'https://t.me/batproject'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'bscscan.com', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/attentiontoken', 'https://reddit.com/r/BATProject'], 'property': ['Marketing', 'Content Creation', 'DeFi', 'Payments', 'DCG Portfolio', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 76, 'name': 'NEAR Protocol', 'symbol': 'NEAR', 'id': '6535', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/near-protocol/', 'slug': 'near-protocol', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'NEAR Protocol is a decentralized application platform designed to make apps usable on the web. The network runs on a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus mechanism called Nightshade, which aims to offer scalability and stable fees.NEAR is the native utility token that is used for:NEAR tools include: NEAR Protocol launched its mainnet on April 22, 2020 with 1 billion NEAR tokens created at genesis. 5% of additional supply is issued each year to support the network as epoch rewards, of which 90% goes to validators (4.5% total) and 10% to the protocol treasury (0.5% total). 30% of transaction fees are paid out as rebates to contracts which interact with a transaction, while the remaining 70% are burned.NEAR Protocol is the brainchild of developers Alex Skidanov and Illia Polosukhin, both of whom have extensive experience in programming.The two met while Skidanov worked at U.S. startup accelerator Y Combinator, and in July 2018 began work on a project which focused on allowing developers to build and release software with less friction.This project became what is now the NEAR Protocol, and employs more than 40 staff, including developers with experience at Google and MemSQL.According to NEAR Protocol’s official website, many of the developers hold prizes and nominations from competitions in coding and related fields, notably the International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC).Skidanov himself worked at both MemSQL and Microsoft, while Polosukhin contributed to end-to-end open source machine learning platform TensorFlow and Google Search.NEAR is available for trading on a growing number of exchanges, with cryptocurrency and stablecoin pairs currently available.Binance offers the largest number of pairs as of October 2020, while Huobi Global also offers Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Tether (USDT) options.New to cryptocurrency? Read CoinMarketCap’s easy guide to buying Bitcoin or any other token.', 'website': 'https://near.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/nearprotocol/nearcore', 'other_links': ['near.org', 'https://t.me/cryptonear', 'https://near.org/wechat/'], 'explorers': ['explorer.near.org', 'hubble.figment.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['near.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/NEARProtocol'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Staking', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 77, 'name': 'Bitcoin Gold', 'symbol': 'BTG', 'id': '2083', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-gold/', 'slug': 'bitcoin-gold', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Bitcoin Gold was founded in 2017 to become a user-friendly alternative to Bitcoin. The BTG network aims to combine the security and sturdiness of the Bitcoin blockchain and its characteristics with the opportunity for experimentation and development. BTG enhances and extends the crypto space with a blockchain closely compatible with Bitcoin but without using resources like Bitcoin hash power or vying for the "real Bitcoin" title. The company aims to present a coin with the implementation capabilities of Bitcoin, however, expanding on the opportunities for DeFi and DApp developers to use the coin. Bitcoin Gold was founded by a group of enthusiasts with diverse backgrounds and skills. Hang Yin is a co-founder and lead developer at Bitcoin Gold. He graduated with a degree in computer science from Fudan University in 2015. His professional career started right after he graduated. In late 2015, Yin became a software engineer for Google. After three years with the tech giant, Hang Yin decided to venture into entrepreneurship by starting Bitcoin Gold. In 2018, he also participated in the founding of HashForests. Martin Kuvandzhiev is the second co-founder of Bitcoin Gold, and he is also a board member at the company. He graduated with a degree in computer software engineering from the Technical University of Sofia, and his professional path started as a food service worker at McDonald’s. In 2015, he became an assistant professor at the Technical University of Sofia, and in 2016, he started a job as a lead iOS developer at phyre JSC. Since co-founding Bitcoin Gold in 2017, he has also launched another company called GoStartups.net. Currently, Kuvandzhiev is also the CEO of Assetify. Bitcoin Gold is a unique combination of the inherent properties of the original Bitcoin blockchain and an innovative approach to blockchain development and applications. As a hard fork of the original Bitcoin token, BTG aims to revolutionize the mining process by introducing a new proof-of-work algorithm that combats the scalability issues Bitcoin struggles with. As an open-source protocol, Bitcoin Gold allows developers to participate in the governance and development of the blockchain freely. According to the company, this is a must-have requirement for pushing decentralization and one of the major points where Bitcoin struggles. Bitcoin Gold is one of the first hard forks of the original cryptocurrency, which has attracted institutional and enterprise investors’ attention. BTG is available on a wide variety of exchanges, as well as swap services and wallets. Lastly, Bitcoin Gold has been actively adopted by several online browsers and service providers. Read more about SafeYield.Find out more about DCTDAO.Learn more about GPU mining.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.Bitcoin Gold has a maximum supply of 21,000,000 BTG tokens and a total supply of 17,513,924 BTG tokens. The current circulating supply is equal to the total supply. Out of the total amount of BTG tokens, 30% went towards the development of the blockchain and the project. Another 15% were reserved for ecosystem support and development, and another 15% were distributed amongst the BTG community. About 20% of the total BTG token supply was reserved for yearly expenses. Close to 7% of BTG tokens were set aside for bounties and app collaboration, while another 5% went towards rewards for the founding team. The remaining 8% of tokens went towards covering pre-fork costs and community development.As a Bitcoin hard fork, Bitcoin Gold relies on the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus mechanism. However, one of BTG’s main goals was to revolutionize the minting process by introducing the Equihash PoW, which favors GPUs for mining, unlike the Bitcoin blockchain. While Bitcoin relies predominantly on application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) miners, This version of Equihash uses more memory than an ASIC can offer but runs fine on many graphics cards. Unlike the Ethereum blockchain, which relies on the proof-of-stake (PoS) mechanism and favors stakeholders, Bitcoin Gold places importance on the processing power miners have.As one of the first hard forks of Bitcoin, BTG is available on various exchanges. One choice is Binance, but other good options include:Find more information here about buying cryptos.', 'website': 'https://bitcoingold.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/BTCGPU/BTCGPU', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/BTCGPU/BTCGPU/wiki/Technical-Spec', 'other_links': ['bitcoingold.org', 'https://t.me/BitcoinGoldHQ', 'https://discord.gg/HmVUU6S'], 'explorers': ['explorer.bitcoingold.org', 'btg.tokenview.com', 'btgexplorer.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.bitcoingold.org', 'https://twitter.com/bitcoingold', 'https://reddit.com/r/BitcoinGoldHQ'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Payments'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 78, 'name': 'Mdex', 'symbol': 'MDX', 'id': '8335', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/mdex/', 'slug': 'mdex', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "MDEX is a new decentralized trading protocol that was only launched in January 2021, but which has already usurped Ethereum’s Uniswap and SushiSwap, Binance Smart Chain’s PancakeSwap and the 1inch exchange in popularity, flippening Uniswap as the number 1 ranked DEX on CoinMarketCap as of March 2021.MDEX is an automated market making (AMM) decentralized exchange protocol that operates on the concept of fund pools, sharing some similarities with standard DEXs, but differentiating itself from competitors by using a dual-chain model modeled on both the Ethereum network and the Huobi Ecological Chain (HECO). This allows it to benefit from both the super-low transaction fees of HECO and deep liquidity of the Ethereum ecosystem.As a trading platform built on top of HECO, MDEX is currently leaving Uniswap behind in terms of cost and speed. The estimated cost for token swaps could drop as low as $0.001 for each trade. In addition, the transaction speed on the HECOChain-hosted DEX can achieve finality in as little as three seconds.At the time of this writing, MDEX dominates the DEX market’s trading volumes, commanding around 38-40% of the total market share, with a 24 hour volume of nearly $1.7 billion — this is twice that of previous leader Uniswap, which holds around a 23% share with $1.1 billion in volume. This comes as the governance tokens of the leading DEX protocols are soaring to new record highs. The vast majority of DeFi projects live on the Ethereum network as ERC-20 assets, but considering its status quo of expensive gas fees and slow transaction speeds, the world's number two blockchain will to step up its game soon or risk having its DEX projects migrate to other more efficient chains for good. Most newly-developed protocols heavily consider scalability factors in their choice of blockchain networks if they want a fast adoption rate. Uniswap at least had an early-mover advantage, since it launched before the Ethereum network became heavily congested — and some say that Uniswap itself is one of the main reasons for the network’s congestion), However, Uniswap’s market majority could change really fast if second-layer solutions are not rolled out in time and deliver their expected results.Meanwhile, Huobi is aggressively expanding its reach in the space, firmly intent on further developing the HECO ecosystem.Check out Uniswap here.Check out SushiSwap here.Learn more about DEXs here.Read about crypto on the CMC blog.Uniswap is built on top of Ethereum, making it unavoidably connected to the smart contract-based blockchain network’s skyrocketing gas fees. As long as Ethereum 2.0 is not fully functional, DEXs that run on less-congested networks like Binance Smart Chain were bound to overtake Uniswap in terms of decentralized finance (DeFi) user onboarding and market volume at least temporarily, which is what played at the end of February 2021. On a side note, second-layer solutions like Optimism might help Uniswap’s scaling issues in the near future.Huobi, the Seychelles-based crypto exchange founded in China and listed in Hong Kong, is a leading trading platform with a deep footprint in Asian markets and millions of users. Huobi officially launched its eco-chain HECO in December 2020, where the new platform quickly surged in popularity thanks to a maximum 500 transactions-per-second (TPS) rate, transaction confirmation time of only three seconds and a ridiculously low GAS fee of only $0.001. These statistics have attracted new DeFi developers and other users looking for a platform with higher efficiency and transacting speeds, resulting in a total value locked (TVL) of over $1.38 billion and over 1,800,000 addresses by the beginning of February. There are instances where transactions made on MDEX can cost almost nothing, sometimes resulting in even negative charges, since users are given rewards for trading and mining, effectively canceling out the costs of transacting on the network. Recent reports say that MDEX has already handed out as much as $280 million in transaction mining rewards and $200 million in liquidity mining incentives.MDEX’s tokenomics follows a “repurchase and burn” model, which decreases the circulating supply of the MDX token over time, driving up its value. This model keeps the value of MDX sustainable over the long run. Its tokenomics are also further supported by the “repurchase and reward” model, which further incentivizes MDX holders to keep their tokens.On top of yield rewards, MDX tokens can also be used to participate in the governance mechanism of one of the fastest-growing DEXs in the market. Holders can propose and vote on the listing of a token on the MDEX market or collateralization of any other asset.MDEX is designed for users and project developers as it implements an automated market maker (AMM) that facilitates low slippages for trades, good market depth and high yields for transaction and liquidity miners. This makes it an attractive environment for DeFi projects.Huobi and HECO-based projects also enjoy the deployment of MDEX as it facilitates the trade of these networks’ supported assets. Even Ethereum-based DeFi protocols such as AAVE, BAL, LINK and YFI have also begun liquidity mining on MDEX.Mdex is trading on markets including Huobi Global, Gate.io and the MDEX exchange, among others.Learn more about how to buy crypto here.", 'website': 'https://mdex.co', 'other_links': ['mdex.co', 'https://t.me/MdexEN', 'https://discord.gg/3TYDPktjqC'], 'explorers': ['hecoinfo.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/Mdexswap'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Yield farming', 'AMM', 'Binance Smart Chain'], 'platform': ['Heco Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 79, 'name': 'Paxos Standard', 'symbol': 'PAX', 'id': '3330', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/paxos-standard/', 'slug': 'paxos-standard', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Founded in September of 2018, Paxos Standard is a flat-collateralized stablecoin. Stablecoins are cryptocurrencies that are designed to minimize the volatility of the price of the stablecoin, relative to a certain stable asset or a basket of assets. A stablecoin can be pegged to a cryptocurrency or flat money. In some cases, it can even be traded for commodities. Paxos Standard offers the advantage of transacting with blockchain assets through minimized price risk. The Paxos Standard tokens (PAX) are issued as ERC-20 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain and are collateralized 1:1 through the USD held in Paxos-owned US bank accounts.The Paxos Standard was created by Charles Cascarilla and Rich Teo.Charles Cascarilla is the CEO and co-founder of Paxos. He is also the founding board member of the Association for Digital Asset Markets (ADAM), and a partner at Liberty City Ventures.He also co-founded and is a partner at Cedar Hill Capital Partners, and his past experience includes a portfolio manager at Claiborne Capital Management, financial analyst at Goldman Sachs and analyst at the Bank of America.Rich Teo is the second co-founder of Paxos. Before that, he worked as a principal/senior Analyst at Cedar Hill Capital Partners. He was also a financial analyst at Citi, and a combat signaler at the Singapore Armed Forces. The Paxos Standard is a stablecoin that allows any user to exchange U.S. dollars for the Paxos Standard Tokens. Its main goal is to stabilize the dollar with blockchain technology. The Paxos company has a charter from the New York State Department of Financial Services that allows them to offer regulated services within the crypto asset world. The token itself is backed by the USD in accounts that are held by the company at the U.S. depository institutions. Paxos Standard was built in order to improve the larger financial ecosystem through the creation of a frictionless global network. Here, all digital assets can be mobilized quickly, with a high level of flexibility and accessibility. Paxos’s goal is to create a future where digital assets, commodities and securities can be transferred anywhere, anytime. Learn more about Uniswap.Paxos Standard combines the U.S. dollar’s stability with the efficiency of blockchain technology. It is a digital dollar, and like other crypto assets can be moved instantaneously anywhere in the world throughout any time of the day. It is stable and is backed 1:1 for the dollar, as well as issued by the Paxos Trust Company. This means that the funds are carefully protected, audited and regulated.The Paxos Standard (PAX) can be transacted over the Ethereum blockchain in the same way as Ether or any other ERC-20 asset. If a user wants to redeem PAX, they can send tokens to an address controlled by Paxos that will destroy the tokens and transfer flat currency to the user’s bank account. Through this existence on a public blockchain, it can allow traders and exchanges to use PAX as an alternative to flat currencies and can help them outsource their banking requirements to Paxos. This also allows Paxos to easily be integrated with the Ethereum based applications easily.When there is a security threat, Paxos can pause transfers and approvals of the PAX Token. This ability to pause is controlled by a single owner role, such as OpenZeppelin’s ownable. The model follows OpenZeppelin’s Pausable. OpenZeppelin contracts help you minimize risk by using tested libraries of smart contracts for Ethereum and other blockchains. Due to the fact that it has a regulated trust, Paxos can legally transfer assets and monies. Through combining that permission with blockchain technology, the transactions can be done rapidly, securely and with no risk. Paxos Standard or PAX can be purchased, sold and traded on several exchanges, those being: BinanceVCC ExchangeDigifinexBittrexBithumb Global1inch Exchange.You can find others listed on our crypto exchanges page. If you are interested in learning how to buy cryptocurrency, you can learn more here.', 'website': 'https://paxos.com/standard', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/paxosglobal/pax-contracts', 'whitepaper': 'https://standard.paxos.com/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['paxos.com/standard'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'eth.tokenview.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/PaxosStandard'], 'property': ['Store of Value', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed']} ,
{'rank': 80, 'name': 'Quant', 'symbol': 'QNT', 'id': '3155', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/quant/', 'slug': 'quant', 'max_supply': '14,612,493', 'about': 'Quant launched in June 2018 with the goal of connecting blockchains and networks on a global scale, without reducing the efficiency and interoperability of the network. It is the first project to solve the interoperability problem through the creation of the first blockchain operating system.The project is built as an operating system distributed ledger technology— and Overledger Network — for connecting different blockchain networks. The project is billed as the first OS to be built for blockchains.The main aim of Quant — using Overledger — is to bridge the gap that exists between different blockchains. The backbone of the project is the Overledger network, which Quant bills as the ecosystem on which the future digital economy ecosystem will be built. Overledger allows developers to build decentralized multi-chain applications (known as MApps) for their customers. For developers to build a Mapp on the network, they must hold a certain amount of Quant tokens (QNT).Gilbert Verdian, one of the founders of the Quant network, had the idea for the blockchain project while he was working in the healthcare sector. Verdian identified the importance of interoperability in ensuring that patients registered on different platforms are covered.Verdian has over 20 years of industry experience in upgrading the security, technology and business strategies of businesses around the globe in order to achieve tangible results. Prior to the Quant Network, Verdian served as the chief information security officer (CISO) of Vocalink, a Mastercard card company, the chief information officer of NSW Ambulance, the CISO of eHealth NSW, and the security lead of the Ministry of Justice, UK.The second co-founder, Dr Paolo Tasca, is an entrepreneur, digital economist who specializes in distributed systems. Dr. Tasca has served as the special advisor on blockchain technologies for the EU Parliament, the United Nations and numerous central banks worldwide.He is also co-author of several books on fintech and is the co-founder and governing board chair of Retail Blockchain Consortium.Since the introduction of blockchain and the distributed ledger technology, innovators have found use cases in almost every known industry. However, there has been the problem of seamless interoperability between these projects. Quant was created to be the missing link between the “different” blockchains.Quant’s operating system, Overledger, was designed to act as a gateway for any blockchain-based project to access all other blockchains. It also works in connecting an application to other applications in the same blockchain ecosystem, like Ethereum.More than multiple blockchain interactions, Quant creates different layers for apps to interact at different levels. Quant has different layers for transactions, messaging, filtering and ordering, and an application for sharing and referencing identical messages related to other applications.The Quant App Store has the ability to read and monitor transactions across multiple ledgers. Using Overledger, developers write smart contracts across a wide variety of chains including those that don’t support them — such as Bitcoin. Developers can also use the store to create and release multi-chain applications (MApps).Find out about Chainlink (LINK).Find out about Polkadot (DOT).Learn how to use Uniswap.Read up to date crypto news on the CoinMarketCap blog.Enterprises do not need to purchase the QNT tokens in order to use the Quant Network. However, they need the QNT tokens to use the network. A developer has to purchase a license (in QNT) to create anything on the platform. This requires tokens to be locked up for 12 months. The cost of running the Gateways and performing read/write operations on Overledger requires the use of the QNT tokens.The max supply of QNT tokens is set at 14,612,493 tokens. The QNT tokens were split in the following way:Currently, the circulating supply of the token is 12,072,738 QNT. The extra 2 million tokens are held by the company. These tokens are unlocked and could be sold or issued at any time.Overledger forms the backbone of the Quant Network. Overledger ensures communicability among DLT networks and interacts with different blockchains.The Overledger Network includes gateways for linking different blockchains. Similar to Ethereum’s proof-of-stake blockchains, the Quant Network community is involved in handling treasury smart contracts.The community handles QNT payments flowing from users to the gateways. They do this in a manner where people are held accountable to any observer.Quant tokens can be purchased, sold, and traded on several exchanges, including;BilaxyBittrexBithumb Global1inch ExchangeUniswap (V2), andHotbit. QNT can be traded against cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH), stablecoins such as Tether (USDT), and fiat currencies such as the euro.Are you new to crypto and curious how to purchase QNT? Here’s a step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://quant.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/quantnetwork/eth-contract-metadata', 'other_links': ['quant.network', 'https://t.me/QuantOverledger', 'https://t.me/quantnetworkannouncements'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/quant_network', 'https://reddit.com/r/QuantNetwork'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Interoperability']} ,
{'rank': 81, 'name': 'Synthetix', 'symbol': 'SNX', 'id': '2586', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/synthetix-network-token/', 'slug': 'synthetix-network-token', 'max_supply': '212,424,133', 'about': 'Synthetix is a decentralized finance (DeFi) protocol that provides on-chain exposure to a wide variety of crypto and non-crypto assets. The protocol is based on the Ethereum (ETH) blockchain and offers users access to highly liquid synthetic assets (synths). Synths track and provide returns on the underlying asset without requiring one to directly hold the asset.The platform aims to broaden the cryptocurrency space by introducing non-blockchain assets, providing access to a more robust financial market. The network was launched in September 2017 by Kain Warwick under the name Havven (HAV). About a year later the company rebranded to Synthetix.Kain Warwick is the founder of Synthetix and a non-executive director at the blueshyft retail network. Prior to founding Synthetix, Warwick has worked on several other cryptocurrency projects. He also founded Pouncer, a live auction site exclusive to Australia.Peter McKean, the project’s CEO, has over two decades of experience in software development. He previously worked as a programmer at ICL Fujitsu.Jordan Momtazi, the COO of Synthetix, is a business strategist, market analyst and sales leader with several years of experience in blockchain, cryptocurrency, digital payments and e-commerce systems.Justin J. Moses, the CTO, was the former director of engineering at MongoDB and deputy practice head of engineering at Lab49. He also co-founded Pouncer.Synthetix is a decentralized exchange (DEX) and a platform for synthetic assets. The protocol is designed in a way that exposes users to the underlying assets via synths, without having to hold the underlying asset.The platform allows users to autonomously trade and exchange synths. It also has a staking pool where holders can stake their SNX tokens and are rewarded with a share of the transaction fees on the Synthetix Exchange.The platform tracks the underlying assets using smart contract price delivery protocols called oracles. Synthetix allows users to trade synths seamlessly, without liquidity/slippage issues. It also eliminates the need for third-party facilitators.SNX tokens are used as collateral for the synthetic assets that are minted. This means that whenever synths are issued, SNX tokens are locked up in a smart contract. Since launch, the protocol has transitioned to the Optimistic Ethereum mainnet to help reduce the gas fees on the network and lower oracle latency.The maximum supply of SNX is 212,424,133 coins, of which 114,841,533 SNX is in circulation as of February 2021.At the seed round and token sale stages, Synthetix sold more than 60 million tokens and was able to raise $30 million. Of the total 100,000,000 coins issued during the ICO, 20% was allocated to the team and advisors, 3% to bounties and marketing incentives, 5% to partnership incentives and 12% to the foundation.The SNX token is compatible with Ethereum’s ERC20 standard. The Synthetix network is secured through proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus. Synthetix holders stake their SNX and earn returns from the network fees.Another way for SNX stakers to earn rewards is via the protocol’s inflationary monetary policy, known as staking rewards. SNX tokens can be purchased at top exchanges, such as:If you are interested in learning more about how to buy Bitcoin, read CoinMarketCap’s full guide here.', 'website': 'https://www.synthetix.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.synthetix.io/', 'other_links': ['www.synthetix.io', 'https://discord.gg/AEdUHzt'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'hecoinfo.com', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['research.synthetix.io', 'https://twitter.com/synthetix_io', 'https://reddit.com/r/synthetix_io'], 'property': ['Services', 'Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Derivatives', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Governance', 'DeFiance Capital', 'Framework Ventures', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'ParaFi capital'], 'platform': ['Synthetics']} ,
{'rank': 82, 'name': 'Nexo', 'symbol': 'NEXO', 'id': '2694', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/nexo/', 'slug': 'nexo', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Nexo is a blockchain-based lending platform that offers users instant cryptocurrency-backed loans. Users deposit an accepted token — such as Bitcoin (BTC), Ether (ETH), Litecoin (LTC) or XRP (XRP) — as collateral to receive a loan in the form of a fiat currency or stablecoin.Nexo has a native token, NEXO, that when locked in the platform grants users benefits such as discounts on interest accumulated on loans and the opportunity to receive interest payments on funds deposited. Token holders also receive dividends from Nexo\'s profits.The project was first announced in December 2017, and it launched in April 2018.Nexo was founded by a team of finance professionals and crypto enthusiasts, who turned to blockchain to create the crypto equivalent to a service well established in traditional finance, but hitherto non-existent in digital finance— borrowing against the value of your assets while retaining ownership. In 2018, the team launched the Nexo platform, offering the world’s first crypto credit lines that allowed digital asset holders to obtain fiat and stablecoin loans against their cryptocurrency, and thus setting the foundations of the crypto lending niche. The collective behind Nexo has a combined experience of over 30 years in financial services, including non-crypto lending, investment banking, mergers and acquisitions, and hedge funds, with Co-founder and Managing Partner Antoni Trenchev additionally contributing with experience in Finance Law and in KYC and AML solutions. Trenchev, who has acted as the public face of Nexo’s leadership, has a track record in advocating for wider blockchain and crypto adoption, notably serving as member of parliament in Bulgaria’s National Assembly from 2015 to 2017, where he promoted the implementation of blockchain solutions for e-government services, as well as frequently commenting on crypto and digital finance-related current events to mainstream media, including Bloomberg, The Independent, and CNBC. Nexo currently services over a million users across 200+ jurisdictions, managing over $4 billion in assets. The company currently has 150 employees, with its management based in London.According to its whitepaper, Nexo is the first-ever provider of instant cryptocurrency-backed loans and it intends to solve inefficiencies in the lending market. Its automated lending process uses smart contracts and an oracle on the Ethereum blockchain to manage loans. After a user transfers cryptocurrency to a Nexo-controlled wallet, the oracle establishes the loan and the user is instantly allocated the funds. When the user makes a deposit in order to repay the loan, the oracle returns the cryptocurrency and records the transaction on the blockchain. Smart contracts are used to power NEXO and to record user balances.Nexo is marketed to individual and institutional investors, cryptocurrency companies, exchanges, miners and others who want liquidity from their assets. The company makes a profit from the interest accumulated on loans, and it also offers institutional lending and consulting services.Nexo seeks to build a user base of clients that continue to use the platform and remain invested in NEXO. As such, the company announced a loyalty program that rewards those who keep NEXO in their accounts, giving them preferential interest rates on loans and higher yields on savings. Nexo also distributes 30% of its profits to NEXO token holders in the form of dividends.Learn about SALT, another crypto-collateralized lending platform.Learn about Maker, one of the most popular crypto lending platforms.Curious about oracles? Read an in-depth guide on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap\'s online educational resource.Stay up to date on the latest in decentralized finance and crypto lending with the CoinMarketCap Blog.Nexo has a fixed supply of 1 billion tokens. Of this amount, the supply was allocated in the following manner:While Nexo initially planned to have a public presale and main token sale, it later canceled its public sales due to an overwhelming amount of interest from investors in its private sale.In October 2020, the company announced that it was launching a "Nexonomics" initiative to drive its tokenomics and increase the value of NEXO. The company subsequently revealed that it would buy back $12 million worth of NEXO.Nexo is a privately owned company and, as such, is responsible for the security of its networks and user funds. Nexo stores its digital assets with BitGo, a crypto-asset custodian that keeps tokens in cold storage wallets and is covered by a $100 million insurance policy. In November 2019, Nexo reported that it was ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified after being audited by RINA and the Consortium for IT Software Quality.Its native token, NEXO, is an ERC-20 token issued on the Ethereum blockchain, meaning that any on-chain NEXO transactions are validated and secured by the Ethereum mainnet using its Ethash proof-of-work consensus algorithm. Miners compete among each other to add new blocks to the blockchain, and a majority of all nodes in the network must validate a record for it to be posted.Upon its launch, Nexo reported that its token had been "fully audited." In November 2019, the smart contracts were independently audited by Castillo Network, which found no critical security issues.NEXO can be purchased on cryptocurrency exchanges such as Huobi Global, UPEX, Hoo and Bitrue, among others. It can be traded against fiat currencies such as the South Korean won and the Indian rupee, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH), and the stablecoin Tether (USDT).Are you interested in buying NEXO or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'http://nexo.io', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/nexofinance/NEXO-Token/', 'whitepaper': 'https://nexo.io/assets/downloads/Nexo-Whitepaper.pdf?=a', 'other_links': ['nexo.io', 'https://t.me/nexofinance'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'explorer.binance.org', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/NexoFinance', 'https://reddit.com/r/nexo'], 'property': ['Services', 'Payments', 'Arrington XRP capital']} ,
{'rank': 83, 'name': 'Bancor', 'symbol': 'BNT', 'id': '1727', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bancor/', 'slug': 'bancor', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Bancor consists of a series of smart contracts that manage the on-chain conversion of tokens. The protocol makes it effortless and quick to convert tokens without having to go through an exchange. The protocol\'s smart contracts manage the liquidity pools that connect various tokens available in the network. The major token used on the network is the “Bancor Network Token,” BNT. Currently, Bancor and Uniswap are the frontrunners for this new DeFi trend. Bancor was founded by Eyal Hertzog, Yudi Levi, and Galia and Guy Benartzi in 2017. It was named "Bancor" to honour John Maynard Keynes, who came up with the word 76 years ago to describe a supranational currency.Eyal Hertzog is the product architect of the protocol, BNT, and other products that utilize the network. He is a known voice in the crypto industry and has been a technology entrepreneur for over 20 years. He previously founded MetaCafe, a top video sharing site in Israel with over 50 million users.Guy Benartzi is the chief executive at Bancor. He also co-founded Mytopia in 2005, a company that develops cross-platform games for users on social networks. Galia Benartzi has been a technology entrepreneur for many years, and is a co-founder of the Bancor protocol. At Bancor, she is the business developer. She is also the CEO and founder of Particle Code. Yudi Levi is the CTO at Bancor. He has been a technology entrepreneur for over 20 years. He previously co-founded AppCoin, an app that allows communities to create their own currencies.Bancor enables the seamless conversion of tokens used in the network. This removes the need for an exchange or third-party platforms. The protocol also maintains several self-governing pools for tokens supported by the network. The uniqueness of Bancor is in their goal to create liquidity for altcoins and to remunerate liquidity providers. The protocol monotonously converts various crypto tokens into other tokens, including those running on other blockchains, without the interference of a third party. BNT, the protocol’s main token, is the default for all smart tokens created on the network. Bancor’s creation of smart tokens is the first of its kind to be built via blockchain technology. The protocol’s main objective for creating smart tokens is to provide a lasting solution to liquidity problems, hence making it different from other market makers. In January, Bancor made a move to provide more liquidity and awareness for its native token. Therefore, it distributed some ETH/BNT valued at $60,000 into various wallets that were holding a required minimum of BNT. In 2017, the protocol raised more than $144M during its initial coin offering.The protocol allows other tokens to be liquidated as well. However, these tokens (also called reserve tokens) must comply with ERC-20 or EOS standards. Bancor ecosystem supports a two-way token model: liquid tokens and relay tokens.A liquid token is an automated token with a single reserve that mints and destroys itself. It does this either by sending the reserve token to its smart contract or removing it from the smart contract. In order to use Bancor Network, a liquid token must have its reserve token either in BNT or a derivative of BNT. On the other hand, relay tokens are used in staking to provide liquidity. The token holders will get a percentage of the future earnings of Bancor. Relay tokens indicate the proportion of amount staked to the total value in the pool.The protocol’s smart token allows traders to provide liquidity for the pools available on the network. Anyone can contribute liquidity to the pools.When liquidity providers contribute liquidity to a pool, they are eligible to receive rewards for trades that pass through the pool. Liquidity providers will receive pool tokens that represent a percentage of their total stake.As at the time of this writing, Bancor has facilitated over $2 billion trades involving several tokens, as well as cross-chain tokens. The network has made millions through staking, which are distributed to BNT token stakers. Several exchanges that support BNT include Binance, Coinswitch and ZenGo. You can get more information here on how to buy BNT and other cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://bancor.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bancorprotocol/', 'whitepaper': 'https://about.bancor.network/static/bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf', 'other_links': ['bancor.network', 'https://telegram.me/bancor'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'www.eosx.io', 'blockchair.com', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'blog.bancor.network', 'https://twitter.com/Bancor', 'https://reddit.com/r/Bancor'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Payments', 'AMM', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 84, 'name': 'Horizen', 'symbol': 'ZEN', 'id': '1698', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/horizen/', 'slug': 'horizen', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Horizen is an interoperable blockchain system, supported by a decentralized node infrastructure. Its sidechain platform focuses on scalable data privacy, and as such enables businesses as well as developers to build private or public blockchains using the unique sidechain technology known as Zendoo. Horizen launched in May of 2017 and strives to ensure data integrity and privacy through enabling real-world use cases. Horizen claims to be completely decentralized, fully customizable with privacy features and supports low costs associated with building blockchains with configurable revenue models and unlimited number of tokens and digital assets. The founders of Horizen are Robert Viglione and Rolf Versluis.Robert Viglione is the co-founder and CEO of Horizen Labs, as well as the co-founder and president of the Zen Blockchain Foundation. He is a PhD Candidate of Finance in the University of South Carolina and worked as an operations research analyst at Lanmark Technology. He also worked as an advanced analyst at Tecolote Research and as a project manager at the United States Air Force.Rolf Versluis is the co-founder and executive advisor of Zen Blockchain Foundation. He is an experienced business owner in the IT industry and owns a mid-size mining operation. In the past Rolf worked at Cisco systems, the semiconductor industry, and as a nuclear trained officer in the US Submarine force.Jane Lippencott was a member of founding team and co-author of the original whitepaper. She is now an associate at Winklevoss Capital. She is also a 2021 VC Cohort at All Rise, as well as an advisor at Teller Finance. Jane is also a mentor at the Open Web Collective as well as a mentor at Celo and Katapult Accelerator. She is a contributor at Nakamoto.com. She worked as a mentor at Blockchain for Social Impact Coalition (BSIC), a mentor at dLab and a mentor at Ethereum Classic Labs, an advisor at Unbounded Capital, a mentor at Techstars, and was a member of the Board at Cord.Horizen uses a sidechain architecture that can open up a myriad of potential real-world use cases. This cross-chain transfer protocol allows for decentralized sidechains. These are separate blockchains that are pegged to the parent blockchain that can run simultaneously. Horizen has a mission of empowering people and bringing them closer together through the process of building an inclusive ecosystem where everyone can be rewarded for their contribution. Zendoo is the decentralized and customizable sidechain solution used to overcome current limitations regarding scalability and extensibility in blockchain. It is a parallel platform with enhanced features that enables the deployment of public or private blockchains at scale, and the SDK provides the components required to build a decentralized blockchain. ZEN is the native cryptocurrency for the Horizen ecosystem.Learn about Alpha Finance Lab.Learn about Diffract Finance.Learn about non-fungible tokens (NFT) at CMC Alexandria. Make sure to find our latest posts at the CoinMarketCap blog.Horizen has a large network with a multi-tiered node system. The operators receive 20% of the total block subsidy, and the dispersed node network provides a large infrastructure to operate an ecosystem of both applications and sidechains. When it comes to mining ZEN, it is an ASIC-mineable cryptocurrency that employs the Equihash algorithm. Block rewards 60% miners, 20% treasury and 20% nodes. ZEN uses the Equihash consensus algorithm. As such, Horizen can support ASIC mining. ZEN uses secure nodes, which are crucial to the Horizen network. Secure nodes serve a unique purpose, and they have a TLS encryption that can enable secure inter-node communication.Horizen is also a Zcash fork, and as such it inherits the Zcash privacy technology, gaining shielded transactions that can mask the sender, recipient and value transacted. Zk-SNARKs are the core of these transactions and are developed by the Zcash team as a form of zero-knowledge cryptography.Horizen (ZEN) can be purchased, sold and traded at major cryptocurrency exchanges such as:BittrexBithumb GlobalBinanceHuobi GlobalHitBTCDigiFinex.You can find others listed at the CMC crypto exchanges page. Interested in learning how to buy your first cryptocurrency? Read more.', 'website': 'https://github.com/HorizenOfficial', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/HorizenOfficial', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.horizen.global/research/', 'other_links': ['horizen.global', 'academy.horizen.global', 'https://horizen.global/invite/telegram', 'https://horizen.global/invite/discord'], 'explorers': ['explorer.zensystem.io', 'zen.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.zensystem.io', 'blog.zensystem.io', 'https://twitter.com/horizenglobal', 'https://reddit.com/r/Horizen'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Content Creation', 'Privacy', 'Masternodes', 'Sidechain', 'DCG Portfolio'], 'other': ['Mineable'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Platform', 'Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Education', 'DeFi', 'Zero Knowledge Proofs', 'Scaling', 'Staking', 'DApp', 'Smart Contracts', 'Horizon', 'Hybrid - PoW & PoS', 'Multiple algorithms', 'Equihash', 'Italy', 'United States of America']} ,
{'rank': 85, 'name': 'Qtum', 'symbol': 'QTUM', 'id': '1684', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/qtum/', 'slug': 'qtum', 'max_supply': '107,822,406', 'about': "Qtum (pronounced ‘“quantum”) is a proof-of-stake (PoS) smart contract open-source blockchain platform and value transfer protocol. It aims to bring together the strengths of Bitcoin and Ethereum in one chain. Qtum is built on Bitcoin's UTXO transaction model, with the added functionality of smart contract execution and DApps. Recently, the platform added support for DeFi applications. As of March 2021, there are more than 20 tokens created on the Qtum blockchain.The project was announced in March 2016 and held an ICO a year after, in March 2017, which brought its founders $15 million USD. The Qtum main chain was released on Sept.13, 2017. Initially, the Qtum coin was issued as a ETH-20 token, but with the launch of the mainnet, it was converted to native blockchain.Patrick Dai is the project’s founder and the chairman of the Qtum Foundation. He studied computer science in Draper University and then dropped out of PhD from the Chinese Academy of Sciences. He started his career as a product manager at Alibaba and then worked on a series of blockchain projects, including Factom, Vechain, Bitse Group and Meilink before starting Qtum in 2016. It should be noted that he was previously once known under the name of Steven Dai, when he was the CTO of the infamous BitBay project, which has allegedly been subject of an exit scam scandal. The other two co-founders are the CTO and blockchain architect Neil Mahi and lead developer Jordan Earls.Stephen (Xiaolong) XU is a lead developer of Qtum since 2017, he previously worked at Tencent and Microsoft as a software developer and has a degree in Computer Vision from University of Chinese Academy of Sciences. Many of the team members listed on the Qtum official website seem to not have an active Linkedin page or a Github profile. It is confirmed though that Qtum has several high-profile backers, including the Bitcoin.com’s Roger Ver and Jeremy Gardner, an early crypto investor turned skincare professional, co-founder of Augur and EIR in Blockchain Capital.Qtum is a general purpose blockchain that tries to address four issues its founders found most problematic in BTC and ETH blockchain platforms: interoperability, governance, rigidity and costliness of proof-of-work mechanism and difficulty of connecting smart contracts with real life applications. The Qtum blockchain has two unique technologies that aim to solve that: Account Abstraction Layer (AAL) and Decentralized Governance Protocol (DGP). The Account Abstraction Layer integrates the UTXO (Unspent Transaction Output) account layer inherited from Bitcoin with the smart contract layer, inspired by Ethereum. It allows users to build applications and host them on virtual machines, including the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), and the x86 virtual machine. It also supports i686 instruction set and several programming languages like C, C++, Rust and Python, which makes it very easy to adopt existing apps and compile for Qtum. Not only does it allow turing-complete smart contracts, Qtum also plans to integrate common programming libraries in the form of smart contracts.The Decentralized Governance Protocol allows smart contracts to change the core parameters of the network such as block size and gas fees without ever needing to hard fork the blockchain, which may save a lot of trouble as the network is evolving. Miners (stakers), developers and QTUM holders within the entire ecosystem are involved in blockchain governance through voting, and the blockchain can realize self-management, upgrades and iteration. Take a good look into Ethereum, the first cryptocurrency, supporting smart contracts.How well do you know Cardano? Be sure not to miss our deep dive.Ready to learn more? Visit our learning hub.Check out our blog for the latest crypto news and insights.According to the Qtum whitepaper, the initial supply of QTUM coins was 100 million, all of which were minted instantly before the project went online. 51 million coins were sold to the public through an ICO process in March 2017. Over that, 8 million coins went to the early private investors and 12 million were allocated to the project team with a four-year lock-up. The rest is controlled by the Qtum Chain Foundation, a non-profit company registered in Singapore, which will receive it in four parts by March-2021. These are 20 million coins allocated for business development purposes and 9% for academic research and promotion. The coin supply is not fixed, new tokens can be mined with block reward halving every four years from the initial block reward subsidy of 4.0 QTUM per block, going through seven halvings to eventually reaching zero by year 2045, when the maximum supply will reach 107,822,406 QTUM.The technical approach to Qtum is not the same as Bitcoin and Ethereum currently use. Qtum chose the MPoS (mutualized proof-of-stake) consensus mechanism for network security. It is a modified version of Proof-of-Stake 3.0. The protocol incentivizes users to keep their coins locked to facilitate and secure the block validation. This is called staking. Confirming each block is a competition between coin holders, where based on connectivity to the network and random chance they get to right to validate the block. Unlike the early PoS protocols, here the block reward is constant and does not depend on coin age for determining the likeliness of getting it. The rewards are spread proportionally to the stake, so the more coins are staked, the more reward the user gets. On top of that, the MPoS protocol is protected against “junk contract” attacks by splitting 10% of the block reward between the block producing miner and nine previous miners and delaying the remaining 90% by 500 blocks in the future. Unlike the proof-of-work mechanism used in Bitcoin, the proof-of-stake algorithms are significantly less costly to maintain, are more environmentally friendly and can provide a great deal of decentralization, which is the cornerstone of blockchain security.QTUM is a freely-tradable token, available on most exchanges. Pairs available for trading include Bitcoin and altcoins, stablecoins and fiat money.The top exchanges for trading in Qtum are currently Binance, Huobi Global, OKEx, HBTC and Hydax Exchange. You can find others listed on our crypto exchanges page.New to crypto and want to know how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) or any other token? Find out the details here.", 'website': 'https://qtum.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/qtumproject/qtum/', 'whitepaper': 'https://qtum.org/user/pages/01.home/Qtum%20whitepaper_en%20v0.7.pdf', 'other_links': ['qtum.org', 'https://t.me/qtumofficial'], 'explorers': ['qtum.info'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/qtum', 'https://reddit.com/r/Qtum'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Smart Contracts', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 86, 'name': 'Revain', 'symbol': 'REV', 'id': '2135', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/revain/', 'slug': 'revain', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Revain is an online platform for Ethereum blockchain-based tokens reviews, designed to allow developers to receive constructive feedback about their projects. The protocol also incentivizes authors to provide high-quality reviews. Revain was the first platform to combine the features of traditional review sites and blockchain technology. Revain’s ultimate goal is to create a legitimate and genuine feedback structure for all global products and services that utilize emerging technologies, such as machine learning and blockchain.Revain implements artificial intelligence tools and a manual review system to ensure the high quality of reviews. The core features of the protocol include:Legitimate reviews: Revain uses only original content from a diverse range of experts on its website. Stable system: the protocol runs on two different tokens, the REV and the RVN, allowing for smooth functioning of the system. The RVN token helps facilitate interactions between users on the platform. Immutable information: The system does not allow both regular users and Revain itself to edit the information of other users.Revain was established in 2018 by a group of technology experts from Moscow, Russia.The platform was founded by Rinat Arslanov, who is also its current CEO. Arslanov is a venture capitalist and an entrepreneur with more than ten years of experience in the blockchain industry.Other notable team members include the CFO Grigor Aproyan, the COO Aleksey Belashenko; the CTO Andrew Timokhin, the product owner Dmitry Bogachev, the designer Vlad Bocharov, the digital manager Ksenia Fendich, and the account manager Tatiana Muntyanu.Since its inception in 2018, the platform claims to have achieved the largest number of user reviews in the industry. Revain’s protocol consists of seven major blockchain divisions: projects, casinos, exchanges, mining pools, wallets, cards, and games.What differentiates the platform from other blockchain-based projects is that it utilizes two tokens to increase its efficiency. Another major component of Revain is its integration with the IBM Watson Tone Analyzer. Revain also allows companies to determine specific criteria for evaluating the quality of user-provided reviews. For instance, a company might require their reviewers to attach proof, increasing the credibility of reviews. Reviewers who fail to do so will then stand the risk of having their reviews rejected by the protocol. Initially, the platform started out with the R and RVN tokens. However, on March 26, 2020, the company swapped R for REV tokens due to the difficulty of integrating the former into other blockchains. The tokens currently used on the platform are the REV and RVN.RVN token is a stablecoin and is exclusive to the platform, as it has not been released into open circulation. The REV token, on the other hand, is fully tradable. Registered companies on the platform can use the REV token to incentivize authors to write reviews.The REV token is based on Ethereum’s ERC-20 standard, TRC20 and BEP20. REV is a utility token and is used for rewarding authors. As of February 2021, there are 85,061,485,690 REV in circulation.Read more about TRON.Find out more about Uniswap.Learn more about oracles.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.There are several major exchanges that support REV trading, including:In addition, the gamification system on the platform allows users to earn RVN tokens as a reward for providing genuine reviews. If you are interested in learning more about buying Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, see our guide here.', 'website': 'https://t.me/joinchat/CzZcC0PCgpJcbBCb3JfNeQ', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Revain', 'whitepaper': 'http://revain.org/pdf/wp/en-wp.pdf', 'other_links': ['revain.org', 'company.revain.org', 'https://t.me/joinchat/CzZcC0PCgpJcbBCb3JfNeQ'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'tronscan.org'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/revain_org', 'https://reddit.com/r/revain_org'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Reputation', 'Smart Contracts'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Ethereum', 'United Kingdom', 'United Arab Emirates', 'TRON']} ,
{'rank': 87, 'name': 'Harmony', 'symbol': 'ONE', 'id': '3945', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/harmony/', 'slug': 'harmony', 'max_supply': '12,600,000,000', 'about': 'Harmony is a blockchain platform designed to facilitate the creation and use of decentralized applications (DApps). The network aims to innovate the way decentralized applications work by focusing on random state sharding, which allows creating blocks in seconds.According to the project’s website, Harmony is expected to introduce cross-shard contracts and a cross-chain infrastructure by the end of 2021.Stephen Tse is the founder and CEO of Harmony. He has a Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania, specializing in cryptographic protocols and type theory.While finishing his degree, Dr. Tse became a research intern at Microsoft. In 2006 he started working as a senior engineer at Google, spending four years in the company. In 2011 he founded Spotsetter, a successful search engine which Apple later acquired. In 2014, Dr. Tse became the principal engineer for Apple. He founded Harmony in 2017. The Harmony founding team comprises twelve people, with seven of them being former employees at Google, Apple, Microsoft, and Amazon.Focusing on processing speed and validation, the Harmony mainnet aims to revolutionize block creation. By introducing the sharding process, the company reduced node validation times significantly. To ensure the protection of nodes and secure the validation process, Harmony introduced the Verifiable Random Function (VRF) for unbiased and unpredictable shard membership. This means that nodes and validators are assigned and re-assigned in a randomized manner. The project’s Harmony Grants program is an initiative that aims to support innovation and attract developers to the Harmony mainnet.Read more about Plasma Finance.Find out more about Loopring.Learn more about DApps.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.Harmony (ONE) has a maximum supply of 12,600,000,000 tokens. As of February 2021, the circulating supply on the market is about 9,486,327,268 ONE. Out of the total supply of ONE tokens, 22.4% were dedicated to the initial seed sale. Another 12.5% were set aside for an additional Launchpad sale. The Harmony founding team and developers received 16.9% of the total supply. About 26.4% of ONE tokens were dedicated to protocol development, while another 21.8% were directed towards ecosystem development.Harmony introduces a new version of the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus. Called effective proof-of-stake (EPoS), this method allows simultaneous staking from hundreds of validators. This consensus method was developed in accordance with the sharding concept utilized in the Harmony network. Unlike proof-of-work (PoW) consensus mechanisms, EPoS is designed for faster processing times and improved scalability. While PoW requires a lot of electrical and computing power, staking consensus methods rely on an abundance of value holders, who become validators. Harmony is also looking to boost staking incentives to attract more node operators. The Harmony Open Staking initiative encourages interaction with the network and incentivizes stakeholders with the highest amount of ONE tokens. Harmony (ONE) tokens can be purchased on most big exchanges, such as:Read more about buying crypto.', 'website': 'https://explorer.harmony.one/#/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/harmony-one', 'other_links': ['www.harmony.one', 't.me/harmony_announcemen...', 'https://t.me/harmony_one', 'https://harmony.one/discord'], 'explorers': ['explorer.harmony.one'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/harmonyprotocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/harmony_one/'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Scaling', 'Smart Contracts', 'Binance Launchpad', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 88, 'name': 'Curve DAO Token', 'symbol': 'CRV', 'id': '6538', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/curve-dao-token/', 'slug': 'curve-dao-token', 'max_supply': '3,303,030,299', 'about': 'Curve is a decentralized exchange for stablecoins that uses an automated market maker (AMM) to manage liquidity.Launched in January 2020, Curve is now synonymous with the decentralized finance (DeFi) phenomenon, and has seen significant growth in the second half of 2020.In August, Curve launched a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO), with CRV as its in-house token. The DAO uses Ethereum-based creation tool Aragon to connect multiple smart contracts used for users’ deposited liquidity. Issues such as governance, however, differ from Aragon in their weighting and other respects.The founder and CEO of Curve is Michael Egorov, a Russian scientist who has various experience with cryptocurrency-related enterprises.In 2015, he co-founded and became CTO of NuCypher, a cryptocurrency business building privacy-preserving infrastructure and protocols.Egorov is also the founder of decentralized bank and loans network LoanCoin.Curve’s regular team is part of the CRV allocation structure, and will receive tokens according to a two-year vesting schedule as part of the initial launch plan. In August 2020, Egorov said that he “overreacted” by locking up a large amount of CRV tokens as a response to yearn.finance’s voting power, awarding himself 71% of governance in the process.Curve has gained considerable attention by following its remit as an AMM specifically for stablecoin trading.The launch of the DAO and CRV token brought in further profitability, given CRV’s use for governance, as it is awarded to users based on liquidity commitment and length of ownership.The explosion in DeFi trading has ensured Curve’s longevity, with AMMs turning over huge amounts of liquidity and associated user profits. As such, Curve caters to anyone involved in DeFi activities such as yield farming and liquidity mining, as well as those looking to maximize returns without risk by holding notionally non-volatile stablecoins.The platform makes money by charging a modest fee which is paid to liquidity providers.Find out more about Uniswap (UNI) here.Find out more about SushiSwap (SUSHI) here.Cryptocurrency newbie? Get all the information you need about the industry with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.Curve (CRV) launched in August 2020, along with the Curve DAO. Its purpose is to function as a governance medium, incentive structure and fee payment method, along with long-term earnings method for liquidity providers.The total CRV supply is 3.03 billion tokens, the majority of which (62%) are distributed to liquidity providers. The remainder is divided as follows: 30% to shareholders, 3% to employees and 5% to a community reserve. The shareholder and employee allocations come with a two-year vesting schedule.CRV had no premine, and the gradual unlocking of tokens means that around 750 million should be in circulation one year after launch.Curve carries the standard risks associated with depositing funds in smart contracts and dealing with AMMs, namely impermanent loss.As Curve only supports stablecoins, the risk of markets moving too quickly is reduced, but users can still lose money once markets are rebalanced to reflect cross-market prices.Curve has been audited, but this does not do anything to counter the risks involved in being exposed to a specific cryptocurrency.CRV is a freely-tradable token and is available against cryptocurrency, stablecoin and fiat currency pairs on major exchanges.These include Binance, OKEx and Huobi Global, which hold the lion’s share of trading volume as of September 2020.New to cryptocurrency and want to know how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) or any other token? Check out the details here.', 'website': 'https://twitter.com/curvefinance', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/curvefi/curve-dao-contracts/tree/master/doc', 'other_links': ['guides.curve.fi/everythi...', 'www.curve.fi', 'https://t.me/curvefi', 'https://discord.gg/rgrfS7W'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockscout.com', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/curvefinance'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'AMM', 'Governance', 'Framework Ventures', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 89, 'name': 'DigiByte', 'symbol': 'DGB', 'id': '109', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/digibyte/', 'slug': 'digibyte', 'max_supply': '21,000,000,000', 'about': 'DigiByte (DGB) is an open source blockchain and asset creation platform. Development began in October 2013 and the genesis block of its DGB token was mined in January 2014 as a fork of Bitcoin (BTC).A longstanding public blockchain and cryptocurrency, DigiByte uses five different algorithms to improve security, and originally aimed to improve on the Bitcoin blockchain’s security, capacity and transaction speed.DigiByte consists of three layers: a smart contract “App Store,” a public ledger and the core protocol featuring nodes communicating to relay transactions.DigiByte was created by Jared Tate, also known as “DigiMan,” who oversaw its metamorphosis from development to its current setup before announcing that he was temporarily retiring from his position in May 2020.Tate has since returned, and as of September 2020 once again appears closely involved with DigiByte’s growth.Tate’s biography states that he was involved with Bitcoin from 2012 onwards, and authored the first book written by a blockchain founder, “Blockchain 2035: The Digital DNA of Internet 3.0.”DigiByte’s operations depend not only on developers, but also the DigiByte Foundation, a volunteer organization tasked with overseeing preservation of the project. A third group of volunteers, the DigiByte Awareness Team, is responsible for marketing and promotional activities.DigiByte is a modification of Bitcoin which aims to diversify security, speed and capacity possibilities.Its first incarnation was as an open source blockchain and associated cryptocurrency, DGB. The network has five separate algorithms which help to maintain security and help prevent ASIC miners from commandeering too much power.Later, another offering, DigiAssets, appeared, with DGB as its native token. DigiAssets appeals to those developers looking to launch digital assets, decentralized applications (DApps) and encode the necessary corresponding smart contracts.All governance structures for DigiByte are run on a voluntary basis, in line with the thesis that the network should be open source and publicly accessible. Transaction fees in DGB are paid to miners for validating the blockchain.Find out more about Litecoin (LTC) here.Find out more about Ethereum (ETH) here.New to cryptocurrency? Find out everything you need to know with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.DigiByte (DGB) is a proof-of-work (PoW) cryptocurrency, and miners earn tokens for validating blocks via block rewards.In January 2014, 0.5% of the total DGB supply (105 million coins) was premined. 50% of the premine was reserved for development purposes, while the remainder was given away. DGB has a hard supply cap of 21 billion tokens, with mining forming an emission curve with decreasing issuance — the block reward reduces by 1% each month.DigiByte has stated that it purposely did not try to raise funds or give away tokens through instruments such as an initial coin offering (ICO) or similar token sale.DigiByte uses a total of five proof-of-work algorithms to secure the blockchain and reduce the risk of double spending or 51% attacks. Difficulty adjustments ensure resilience against hostile moves within mining circles, with DigiByte claiming to have the most advanced such difficulty setup among cryptocurrencies.With roughly one block every 15 seconds, DigiByte’s blockchain has managed to prove the longevity of its PoW blockchain since launch, now having a much longer chain of PoW than, for example, Bitcoin.DGB is a freely-tradable altcoin and is available on multiple exchanges. Trading pairs are available for cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and fiat currencies. Bilaxy, Binance, Sistemkoin and OKEx had the lion’s share of volume for DGB trading pairs as of September 2020.New to crypto? Find out how to buy Bitcoin or any other token here.', 'website': 'https://github.com/DigiByte-Core', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/DigiByte-Core', 'whitepaper': 'https://digibyte.io/docs/infopaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['digibyte.org', 'dgbwiki.com', 'https://t.me/DigiByteCoin', 'https://t.me/DGBalerts'], 'explorers': ['digiexplorer.info', 'chainz.cryptoid.info', 'dgb.ccore.online', 'dgb.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'dgbforum.com', 'https://twitter.com/DigiByteCoin', 'https://reddit.com/r/Digibyte'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'Multiple algorithms'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'IoT', 'Payments'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 90, 'name': 'Nano', 'symbol': 'NANO', 'id': '1567', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/nano/', 'slug': 'nano', 'max_supply': '133,248,298', 'about': 'What Is Nano (NANO)?\nBilled as "digital money for the modern world," Nano is a lightweight cryptocurrency that is designed to facilitate secure, practically instant payments, without fees, and addresses some of the major limitations of both legacy financial infrastructure, and many modern cryptocurrencies.Development of the project began in 2014 under the name RaiBlocks, and the coin (then termed XRB) launched the following year through a public faucet, which allowed users to claim small amounts of XRB after completing a captcha challenge. Users were allowed to complete as many captchas as they liked to increase their words — effectively trading their time and effort for XRB.RaiBlocks (XRB) was rebranded to Nano (NANO) in January 2018, with the new name chosen to better represent the speed and simplicity the project offers to users. It is a peer-to-peer platform that uses a unique block-lattice data structure to allow users to easily transfer value to one another without relying on centralized intermediaries. Unlike other platforms which typically use the combined proof-of-work of a massive mining network to achieve consensus, Nano instead uses a system known as Open Representative Voting (ORV) — which sees account holders vote for their chosen representative, who then work to confirm blocks of transactions securely. ORV makes Nano extremely energy efficient, positioning it as a more environmentally friendly alternative to proof-of-work (POW)-based cryptocurrencies. Nano was founded by Colin LeMahieu, a heavily experienced software developer and engineer with a wealth of experience working for prominent tech companies, including Dell, AMD and Qualcomm.Self-described as an inventor, LeMahieu has interests that range from space technology to physics and environmental sustainability, and is a well-known name in the digital currency space. He began working full time on Nano in 2017 and remains the CEO of the Nano Foundation — an organization created to drive the development and adoption of the Nano — to this day.Colin LeMahieu also pushed the vast majority of commits to Nano’s GitHub repo. Beyond LeMahieu, the Nano Foundation has over a dozen other employees, including George Coxon, a graduate in Evolutionary Anthropology and experienced account executive, and the current COO of the foundation. As we previously touched on, Nano is designed to be fast. So fast, in fact, that most Nano transactions reach absolute finality within less than a second — compared to several minutes or even longer for many other major cryptocurrencies. This speed makes Nano suitable for commercial payments, since merchants and retailers no longer need to worry about transaction delays when accepting payments. Moreover, Nano transactions are completely free. Since representatives do not receive financial compensation for their efforts to secure the network, there is no need for a transaction fee. This makes Nano an ideal solution for processing micro-transactions, since users no longer need to worry about fronting a potentially expensive transaction fee when making small payments. These features are enabled by its unique architecture. Unlike many cryptocurrencies which are built on top of a distributed ledger known as a blockchain, Nano is instead built around a similar ledger technology called a directed acyclic graph (DAG). This structure is highly reliable and allows Nano to process as many as 1,000 transactions per second (tps) — without requiring an energy-intensive mining network to maintain its integrity, positioning Nano as an eco-friendly digital payment option. Check out IOTA (MIOTA) — another DAG-based cryptocurrency with no transaction fees.Check out EOS (EOS) — a smart-contract capable blockchain with free transactions.Read Oracles: The All-Seeing Eyes That Guide Crypto Networks—a deep dive by CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Stay on top of the market with the latest tips, tricks, and trends with the CoinMarketCap blog.Like the vast majority of cryptocurrencies, Nano has a fixed maximum number of tokens that will ever enter existence, this number is set at exactly 133,248,290 NANO.The original maximum supply was set much higher than this, but any remaining NANO tokens above the current 133 million limit were permanently burned. In total, around 39% of the original genesis supply was distributed. Nano is unusual in the fact that its entire supply is already in circulation, this means it is fully diluted. Because it is fully diluted, Nano is also highly decentralized, and well distributed, with the vast majority of Nano accounts holding less than 100 NANO. As of December 2020, around 20% of all Nano in circulation (~26 million) is held in one of the cold wallets associated with the Binance cryptocurrency exchange. A total of 5% of the circulating supply was held back for the continued development of the project, this was allocated to a so-called “developer fund.” Nano is secured by a network of representatives, each of which is voted into position by NANO holders. These representatives are responsible for casting their votes when the network needs to achieve consensus, and their voting power is the sum total of the voting weight delegated to them by NANO holders. These vote on the validity of transactions on the Nano network, ensuring only valid transactions are confirmed. This process protects the network against a type of attack known as a double spend—which occurs when an attacker is able to manipulate the network to effectively spend the same funds twice. In addition, the Nano network features a wide variety of additional defenses against various possible attack vectors—a full overview of which can be found here. Since Nano cannot be mined, the most popular way to get your hands on some is by purchasing it from one of the more than 50 exchange platforms that support it. Binance, OKEx and Huobi Global are currently among the most popular exchanges for Nano to crypto trading pairs, whereas it can also be bought with fiat on Kraken and Binance.US. For more information about buying cryptocurrencies with fiat, see our comprehensive guide.', 'website': 'http://nano.org/en', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/nanocurrency', 'whitepaper': 'https://nano.org/en/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['nano.org/en', 'https://chat.nano.org/', 'https://t.me/nanocurrency'], 'explorers': ['nanocrawler.cc', 'repnode.org', 'nanolooker.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.nano.org', 'https://twitter.com/nano', 'https://reddit.com/r/nanocurrency'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DAG', 'DPoS', 'Blake2b'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 91, 'name': 'OKB', 'symbol': 'OKB', 'id': '3897', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/okb/', 'slug': 'okb', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.okex.com/', 'other_links': ['www.okex.com', 'https://t.me/okexofficial_en'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'eth.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/okex', 'https://reddit.com/r/okex'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Centralized exchange', 'Discount token', 'Alameda Research Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 92, 'name': 'Siacoin', 'symbol': 'SC', 'id': '1042', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/siacoin/', 'slug': 'siacoin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Siacoin (SC) is the native utility token of Sia, a blockchain-based distributed, decentralized cloud storage platform. Sia acts as a secure, trustless marketplace for cloud storage in which users can lease access to their unused storage space. Agreements and transactions are enforced with smart contracts, and Siacoin is the medium of exchange for paying for storage on the network. The main goal of the project is to become the "backbone storage layer of the internet."Sia was originally announced in May 2014 before being revised and re-announced a year later in May 2015. It officially launched in June 2015.Sia was first conceived in mid-2013 by David Vorick while studying computer science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He discussed the idea over email with Luke Champine, a college friend, who joined the project\'s development shortly after Vorick presented the concept at a HackMIT hackathon in September 2013. The project was officially named Sia in early 2014, a reference to the Egyptian god of perception.Vorick and Champine were introduced through their college\'s entrepreneurial center to Jim Pallotta, a billionaire investor and founder of Raptor Group, who invested in the project. Shortly before graduating from college, the two incorporated the company Nebulous Inc. — which has since been rebranded to Skynet — to formally handle the development of Sia.According to its whitepaper, the long-term goal of Sia is to compete with existing storage solutions. It sees itself as being in direct competition with major cloud storage providers such as Amazon, Google and Microsoft. Because of its decentralized nature, Sia is able to offer competitive storage rates.Files stored on the Sia network are divided into 30 encrypted segments, with each segment uploaded to a unique host for redundancy. The agreements between uploaders and hosts are recorded on Sia\'s blockchain and enforced using smart contracts. Siacoin acts as the method of payment on the network, with renters paying hosts using SC, and hosts locking SC in smart contracts as collateral.Skynet, the company behind Sia and Siacoin, has announced several products built on top of the Sia network, including SiaStream — a cloud-based media streaming application — and the Skynet network — its flagship content delivery and file sharing network.The company has received several rounds of funding and grants, including from Bain Capital Ventures, Paradigm and INBlockchain. In addition, each storage-related transaction on the Sia network is subject to a 3.9% fee, which is distributed to holders of the company\'s second cryptocurrency, Siafund — with Skynet holding approximately 85% of all Siafund.Learn about Filecoin, a decentralized storage system that seeks to store "humanity’s most important information."Learn about MaidSafeCoin, the currency of the SAFE decentralized data network.Want to know more about the Skynet network? Read a deep dive on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap\'s online educational resource.Stay up to date on the latest innovations in blockchain and decentralized storage with the CoinMarketCap blog.Siacoin has no maximum supply. Because it is a utility token designed to be used to power transactions via smart contracts, the project has stated that there must be a limitless supply in order to match the effectively limitless amount of data that can be created and stored.New Siacoin is introduced as mining rewards through the Sia blockchain\'s proof-of-work mining algorithm. The mining reward started at 300,000 SC and decreased at a rate of 1 SC with each block mined until it reached 30,000 SC in July 2020. The block reward will now forever remain 30,000 SC. Siacoin is removed from the ecosystem when hosts lose tokens or their collateral is left unrefunded due to bad actions. In the future, the development team intends to introduce a proof-of-burn mechanism by which hosts will be required to burn a small percentage of their revenue to prove that they are real and have good intentions.The Sia development team mined approximately 100 blocks (around 30 million SC) before publicly releasing the mining algorithm. The platform\'s team and investors reportedly hold less than 0.1% of the total Siacoin supply.The Sia blockchain is secured using a proof-of-work consensus algorithm, meaning that miners compete among each other to add new blocks to the blockchain and a majority must confirm a record for it to be posted. Sia co-founder Vorick argued in June 2017 that proof-of-work is the best way to secure the network because it tethers a malicious actor\'s ability to attack the network to massive energy requirements and hardware expenses.According to Sia\'s development team, the fact that hosts have to put up collateral in order to participate in the network\'s operations decreases any incentive for bad actors. In addition, it has pointed to the fact that it splits uploaded data into 30 segments, which are then distributed across the globe, as reassurance that its network cannot be taken down except in the event of a massive natural disaster or geopolitical event. And as long as 10 out of 30 hosts survive an attack on its network, files can still be retrieved.Siacoin can be purchased on cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance, OKEx, Huobi Global and Upbit, among others. It can be traded on spot markets against fiat currencies such as the U.S. dollar and the South Korean won, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH), and the stablecoin Tether (USDT).Are you interested in buying Siacoin or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://sia.tech/', 'source_code': 'https://gitlab.com/NebulousLabs', 'whitepaper': 'https://sia.tech/sia.pdf', 'other_links': ['sia.tech', 'https://discord.gg/sia'], 'explorers': ['siastats.info', 'sc.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/SkynetLabs', 'https://reddit.com/r/Siacoin'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'Blake2b'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Distributed Computing', 'Filesharing', 'Storage', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Fenbushi Capital Portfolio', 'Paradigm XZY Screener'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 93, 'name': 'Ontology', 'symbol': 'ONT', 'id': '2566', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ontology/', 'slug': 'ontology', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': "Ontology is a high performance, open source blockchain specializing in digital identity and data. Ontology's unique infrastructure supports robust cross-chain collaboration and Layer 2 scalability, offering businesses the flexibility to design a blockchain that suits their needs. With a suite of decentralized identity and data sharing protocols to enhance speed, security, and trust, Ontology’s features include ONT ID, a mobile digital ID application and DID used throughout the ecosystem, and DDXF, a decentralized data exchange, and collaboration frameworkAt its launch, Ontology chose to forego the popular initial coin offering (ICO) model in favor of a series of community distributions and airdrops of its ONT cryptocurrency, which began life as a NEP-5 token on the NEO blockchain. This helped to quickly establish both organic price discovery and a passionate community and helped the project to avoid subsequent regulatory scrutiny.For example, for a brief period any person who signed up for the Ontology newsletter received an airdrop of free 1,000 ONT, which reached a value of $10 per token soon after the token became listed on major exchanges like Binance. Ontology launched its own MainNet on June 30, 2018 and now operates independently from the NEO blockchain. Ontology was established by Li Jun, Founder of Ontology. During Ontology’s early stages of development, Ontology received technical support from some members of Onchain’s developer team. However, the two have always been officially separate projects pursuing their own goals. Ontology offers a variety of real-life use cases and allows businesses to build their own blockchain on top of the Ontology blockchain. Importantly, Ontology offers more flexibility for enterprises, allowing them to create customized blockchains to fit their specific needs in terms of features like governance and enhanced privacy, functionality that competitors like Ethereum and NEO lack by design.The ONT chain also helps negate transaction network fees by generating and distributing free Ontology Gas (ONG) to ONT holders based on their holdings. Ontology further provides additional features such as smart contracts, cryptographic identity proofs (ONT ID) and tokenized data (DDXF) that can seamlessly be transferred between different blockchains. Example: A patient's medical records, subject to strict data privacy laws in most countries, may be utilized across the Ontology network without compromising the integrity and privacy of the patient's data. The medical business that is transferring the confidential data is able to control what is shared with other parties and under which conditions, with no fear of patient data falling into the hands of unauthorized parties. Learn more about NEO (NEO).Learn more about Ethereum (ETH). Learn more about Ontology Gas (ONG).Visit the CoinMarketCap blog for trending blockchain news and insights. Ontology has a total coin supply of 1,000,000,000 ONT, of which nearly 80% are currently in circulation. At its launch, 15% of ONT tokens were allocated to its core team, 10% to the NEO council, 28% to institutional partners, 10% to its technical community and 25% to the development of its ecosystem.These tokens were subject to a strict screening process and various unlocking periods that ran over two years until the end of October 2020. Read more about its token distribution here. The Ontology network is fully decentralized and therefore highly resistant against hacks, which would have to affect over half of the connected devices to make an impact. Both ONT and ONG are listed and supported by the world’s leading exchanges such as Binance and OKEx, with the exception of Coinbase. It is now possible to buy Ontology and other cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin To find out how, read more here.", 'website': 'https://ont.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ontio', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.ont.io', 'other_links': ['ont.io', 'https://t.me/OntologyNetwork', 'https://t.me/OntologyNetworkCN'], 'explorers': ['explorer.ont.io', 'ont.tokenview.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/OntologyNetwork', 'https://reddit.com/r/OntologyNetwork'], 'property': ['Enterprise solutions', 'Identity', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Huobi Capital']} ,
{'rank': 94, 'name': '0x', 'symbol': 'ZRX', 'id': '1896', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/0x/', 'slug': '0x', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': "0x is an infrastructure protocol that allows users to easily trade ERC20 tokens and other assets on the Ethereum blockchain without relying on centralized intermediaries like traditional cryptocurrency exchanges.0x achieves this decentralized exchange functionality using a collection of open-source, publicly auditable smart contracts that work together to produce a flexible, low-friction trading protocol that developers can easily weave into their products. The protocol is powered by an ERC20 utility token known as ZRX. Nodes that (also known as relayers) host an off-chain order book and offer user-facing applications that present this information and allow users to make, fill and cancel transactions are paid in ZRX tokens (as trading fees). ZRX can also be used to participate in platform governance, helping holders suggest and vote on changes to the protocol. In 2019, 0x announced an overhaul of the ZRX token, adding extra functionality, allowing ZRX holders to delegate their stake to a market maker to earn passive rewards while retaining their voting capacity. 0x was founded in 2016 by Will Warren and Amir Bandeali. The two co-founders continue to serve the platform, with Will Warren as 0x's CEO, whereas Amir Bandeali is CTO.The platform launched following a successful initial coin offering (ICO) in 2017, during which it raised a total of $24 million — with support from prominent investment firms including Polychain Capital, Pantera Capital and FBG Capital. Prior to the sell-out ICO, Warren worked in several research roles and briefly held the role of technical advisor to Basic Attention Token (BAT). Bandeali, on the other hand, graduated from the University of Illinois with a BSc in Finance and held several trading positions before co-founding 0x. Now the team is composed of more than 30 individuals, including engineers, researchers and designers who work to update the platform and keep it running smoothly. Unlike many other Ethereum decentralized exchange protocols, 0x supports both fungible (ERC20) and non-fungible (ERC-723) tokens. This means it can be used for the permissionless trading of a wide range of assets, giving holders a way to buy, sell and exchange the vast majority of Ethereum assets through more than a dozen different apps. The 0x protocol can be applied to a wide range of use cases, including eBay-style marketplaces for digital goods and services, OTC trading desks, exchange functionality for DeFi protocols and plain-old decentralized exchanges. Although 0x can be used to build highly flexible exchange products, it can also be built into products where asset exchange is a secondary feature — such as for in-game purchases and portfolio management platforms. On the 0x protocol, liquidity takers pay a fee in the form of ZRX tokens — this fee is used to incentivize market maker (relayer) liquidity. Users also need to pay a protocol fee in the form of Ether (ETH), which is used to pay for the gas used in any transactions they complete. As an open-source protocol, 0x does not receive any share of this revenue, and is instead supported by ZRX tokens unlocked as team and developer incentives — along with its initial ICO funding. Find out about Uniswap (UNI) — a modern alternative to 0x.Click here to learn how to use Uniswap as a beginner.Check out Ferrum Network (FRM) — a platform used for building blockchain-based financial products.(https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ferrum-network/)Stay up to date with the latest news with the CoinMarketCap Blog.Like many digital assets, the ZRX token has a fixed maximum supply that will never be exceeded. This is set to 1 billion ZRX. Right now, around three quarters of this maximum supply is already in circulation, and just a small fraction of this is locked up for staking rewards. Unlike many protocols, 0x has never publicly described the emission rate for new ZRX tokens, making it difficult to say how long it will take until the circulating supply is fully diluted. But with 50% of the circulating supply released when the token launched in August 2017 and 75% of the supply released as of October 2020, this indicates it may achieve full dilution in the early 2020s. As per an early blog entry by 0x CEO Will Warren, half of the total ZRX token supply was sold to investors in the 2017 ICO, whereas 15% each is reserved for the 0x core development organization and external project development fund, while a further 10% is reserved for the founding team with a four year vesting schedule and one year cliff, and the remaining 10% is retained for early backers and advisors.0x is built on top of the Ethereum blockchain. As a result, it is protected against attacks by the combined efforts of the massive Ethereum miner and node network.As for the underlying smart contracts, version 3 of the protocol has been audited by several third party firms which checked to see if there were any underlying vulnerabilities, backdoors and redundant functions, including ConsenSys Diligence — no major issues were found. However, a vulnerability was found in the v2.0 smart contract, which was later patched by the 0x core team. This vulnerability was detected by an independent researcher and was not exploited. 0x continues to operate a generous bug bounty, to help detect and patch any issues before they can be exploited.ZRX is currently available to trade on well over 200 different exchange platforms, but the most popular ones include Coinbase Pro, Binance and BitMax. It can currently be traded against a range of other cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin (BTC), Tether (USDT) and Ethereum (ETH), as well as several fiat currencies, including U.S. dollars (USD), euros (EUR) and South Korean won (KRW). Looking to convert your fiat to crypto? Find out how.", 'website': 'https://0x.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/0xProject', 'whitepaper': 'https://0xproject.com/pdfs/0x_white_paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['0x.org'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', '0xtracker.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/0xproject', 'https://reddit.com/r/0xProject'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'DAO', 'Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Governance', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio'], 'platform': ['Polkadot']} ,
{'rank': 95, 'name': 'OMG Network', 'symbol': 'OMG', 'id': '1808', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/omg/', 'slug': 'omg', 'max_supply': '140,245,399', 'about': "OMG Network, formerly known as OmiseGo, is a non-custodial, layer-2 scaling solution built for the Ethereum blockchain. As an Ethereum scaling solution, OMG Network is designed to allow users to transfer ETH and ERC20 tokens significantly faster and cheaper than when transacting directly on the Ethereum network. The network is based on a novel scaling solution called MoreViable Plasma, which uses a sidechain architecture to group several transactions off-chain into a batch, which can then be verified as a single transaction on the Ethereum root chain. According to OMG Network, this technology has the potential to scale Ethereum to thousands of transactions per second (TPS) — instead of the 10 to 14 tps Ethereum 1.0 is currently capable of. The network is powered by the OMG utility token, which can be used as one of the payment methods for fees on the OMG Network, and will eventually be stakable — helping to secure the network in return for rewards. The OMG Network currently consists of a team of more than 50 employees scattered across the world. It was founded by Thai-born Vansa Chatikavanij and operates as a subsidiary of SYNQA — a Thailand-based fintech firm that was formerly known as Omise Holdings.As the projector founder, Vansa Chatikavanij received a master’s degree in earth and environmental sciences at New York's Columbia University. Following this, Chatikavanij held several consulting roles at prominent financial institutions including the International Finance Corporation (IFC) and World Bank Group, before founding OMG Network (then OmiseGo) in 2017. Chatikavanij held the role of managing director at the company until 2019, before transitioning to the role of CEO, which she still holds to this day. Beyond this, Stephen McNamara — former head of blockchain R&D strategy at Huawei Technologies — is OMG Network's COO, whereas Kasima Tharnpipitchai, a heavily experienced engineer and consultant, is its CTO. OMG Network believes that Ethereum’s significant speed and cost barriers will need to be overcome before mainstream businesses will consider building their products and applications on the network. As such, the OMG Network project is built to help make Ethereum more attractive to businesses and projects that want to scale while simultaneously cutting down on their carbon footprint. It achieves this with its plasma-based sidechain solution, which can help reduce electricity usage by up to 99% compared to Ethereum and cut fees by around two thirds, while ensuring assets remain secured by the underlying Ethereum network. The platform itself is supported by $25 million in funding obtained during its 2017 initial coin offering (ICO). Moreover, OMG Network parent firm SYNQA recently raised a further $80 million in Series C funding — and was supported by several major investment firms, including Toyota Financial Services Corporation and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation.Read about Stellar — one of OMG Network's biggest contenders.Find out more about Polkadot — a high-speed smart-contract capable blockchain.Take a deep dive into Ethereum 2.0 with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Stay on top of the latest trends with the CoinMarketCap Blog.Like most cryptocurrencies, OMG Network tokens have a fixed maximum supply. This is set at exactly 140,245,398 OMG and will never increase beyond this point. Unlike many other cryptocurrencies, this total supply has already been fully minted, with the majority already in active circulation. Of the total supply, 65.1% of tokens were distributed to investors and 5% were distributed in an airdrop, whereas the last 29.9% is held by the project and team. Of this 29.9%, 20% is locked in the OMG Network reserve smart contract for funding future developments and network validation, and the remaining 9.9% is reserved for the founding team.Both the OMG reserve and team allocation were locked for one year, but this has since elapsed. The OMG Network mainnet will eventually move to a proof-of-stake (POS) consensus system, which will allow users to stake their tokens to help secure the network and earn rewards. Until then, OMG Network child chains are secured by a proof-of-authority (PoA) consensus mechanism, which is basically a simplified form of proof-of-stake which is controlled by a single block producer (OMG Network itself) for now — which essentially stakes its reputation on staying honest. OMG Network plans to transition to proof-of-stake as soon as it’s ready, following which OMG holders will be able to become stakeholders in the success and security of the network, by delegating their stake to validators. OMG tokens are highly liquid and can be purchased or traded on well over 200 different exchange platforms, including several top 10 exchanges — such as Coinbase Pro and Binance. Some of the most popular trading pairs include OMG/USDT, OMG/BTC and OMG/ETH.OMG can also be traded against several fiat currencies, including U.S. dollars (USD), euros (EUR) and British pound sterling (GBP). To find out more about purchasing cryptocurrencies with fiat, read our simple guide — here.", 'website': 'https://t.me/omgnetwork', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/omgnetwork', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.omg.network/', 'other_links': ['omg.network', 'omisego.co', 'https://t.me/omgnetwork'], 'explorers': ['omg.eco', 'etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'omisego.to'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/omgnetworkhq', 'https://reddit.com/r/OMGnetwork'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Payments', 'State channels', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 96, 'name': 'SwissBorg', 'symbol': 'CHSB', 'id': '2499', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/swissborg/', 'slug': 'swissborg', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'SwissBorg is a Switzerland-based project aiming to bring independence and decentralization to personal finance. Launched in 2017, SwissBorg aims to revolutionize Swiss private banking and employ the power of blockchain technology and smart contracts to create a decentralized network for personal finance. SwissBorg relies on its multi-utility CHSB token to allow users to perform a plethora of actions on the network. The project aims to create a democratic, decentralized and professional ecosystem, enabling users to manage their crypto portfolios with ease. SwissBorg’s creators also launched the SwissBorg Wealth App, which further optimizes the management of personal finances. The app uses revolutionary MPC keyless technology to allow users to exchange between fiat and crypto in a matter of seconds.Cyrus Fazel is one of the co-founders and current CEO at SwissBorg. He graduated in international business management from the EDHEC Business School in 2007. His professional career started as a portfolio advisor at Julius Baer in 2007. Later on, Fazel became a hedge fund advisor for Aramis Capital. In 2016, his interest in personal finance took a new form, and he helped found SwissBorg. Anthony Lesoismier-Geniaux is the other co-founder and CTO of SwissBorg. He graduated in finance from Polytech Nice Sophia in 2008 and immediately started working in the field. At first, he was a fund manager assistant and later became head of digital advisory at JFD Wealth. In 2016 he partnered up with Cyrus Fazel and co-founded SwissBorg. According to SwissBorg founders, the current banking system is obsolete, and their project is a response to this problem. By introducing blockchain technology to personal finance, SwissBorg aims to give individuals complete control over their portfolios and investments.The central values of the company include transparency, equality through meritocracy, and impartiality. The SwissBorg platform depends heavily on blockchain decentralization to ensure that personal data is protected and users can control their funds without restrictions. The SwissBorg team boasts inclusivity and has members all over the world. The mobile app is one of the top cryptocurrency apps in app stores and has attracted more than 100,000 verified active users globally. Read more about Komodo.Find out more about Aave.Learn more about smart contracts.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.During the initial coin offering (ICO), SwissBorg minted the maximum supply of 1,000,000,000 CHSB tokens. All of these tokens have been released, which means that the total circulation of SwissBorg tokens is also 1,000,000,000.About 38% of all CHBS tokens were allocated to community sales to the public. Another 20% of the tokens were distributed among team members as rewards for creating the platform. Close to 10% of the total supply was directed towards strategic investors, while another 15% was dedicated to the second round of funding for the project. Finally, SwissBorg distributed close to 14% of all CHBS tokens to experienced investors, who had already stated interest in the project.SwissBorg and the CHSB tokens are Ethereum-based. As an ERC-20 token, CHSB will be secured by the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus, as Ethereum itself transitions to it.Unlike the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus employed by Bitcoin, PoS relies on majority holders to mine new tokens. This consensus method is significantly more versatile compared to PoW, as it introduces the process of staking to the blockchain layer. In addition, PoS is becoming more popular among developers and users alike because it is more energy conscious. While PoW requires a lot of computing power for mining, PoS relies on static coin holdings and gives more mining power to users with a more significant stake. SwissBorg can be traded at a number of popular exchanges, including:Read more about buying crypto.', 'website': 'https://swissborg.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/SwissBorg', 'whitepaper': 'https://swissborg.com/en/documents.html', 'other_links': ['swissborg.com', 'https://t.me/SwissBorgChat'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['t.me', 'swissborg.com', 'bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/swissborg'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'Staking'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Yield farming', 'Fiat', 'Wallet', 'Mobile']} ,
{'rank': 97, 'name': 'KuCoin Token', 'symbol': 'KCS', 'id': '2087', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/kucoin-token/', 'slug': 'kucoin-token', 'max_supply': '170,118,638', 'about': "KCS is the native token of KuCoin, which was launched back in 2017 as a profit-sharing token that allows traders to draw value from the exchange. It was issued as an ERC-20 token running on the Ethereum network and was supported by most Ethereum wallets. The total supply of KCS was set at 200 million, and there is a planned buyback and burn until just 100 million KCS remain. Sooner or later, as the KuCoin decentralized trading solution goes live, KCS will be the native asset of KuCoin's decentralized financial services as well as the governance token of the KuCoin community in the future.KuCoin has also announced that “Empowering KCS'' will be a key priority of KuCoin and will build KCS as a killer product rather than a simple token, which is bound to further diversify the benefits that KCS holders can access. In the long run, KCS performs as the key to the entire KuCoin ecosystem. With the development of DEX and KuChain, KCS will also be the underlying fuel and general token for future KuCoin decentralized products. More details will likely be released in the near future.KCS Bonus is regarded as one of the best ways to get passive income. Users who hold more than 6 KCS can get a daily dividend, which comes from 50% of KuCoin's daily trading fee revenue. KCS Bonus is a unique incentive mechanism for KCS holders and KuCoin ecosystem builders. The amount of rewards that users can get depends on the number of KCS held and the trading volume of the KuCoin Exchange.Besides being paid out as a dividend, KCS, as a utility token, is also used to pay for trading fees on the KuCoin Exchange, allowing users to enjoy discounts of up to 80%. The use case of KCS also includes participation in the token sale on KuCoin Spotlight, as well as LockDrop/BurningDrop on the Pool-X platform. But this is not all, as KCS tokens also serve a series of other purposes on the platform. For instance, KCS holders can become KuCoin VIPs and users no longer need to have a huge BTC trading volume to unlock the reduced maker and taker fees. KCS can also be used as a payment method for shopping, making hotel reservations, buying gaming equipment, and more.The KCS initial supply was set at 200 million. KuCoin and the KCS team are buying back KCS from the market and burning them every quarter. The amount of KCS to be burneddepends on the quarterly trading volume of the KuCoin Exchange. So the circulating supply of KCS is decreasing and will eventually settle down at 100 million.KuCoin employs the standard encryption protocol that ensures that user data and data transfers within the system are hidden from other users.It uses a multi-cluster and multi-layer architectural system that can accommodate more than one transaction at the same time, ensuring system stability throughout every transaction.The KuCoin Exchange is a cryptocurrency exchange headquartered in Singapore. It launched on September 15, 2017. The company was originally co-founded in 2013 by the following people: COO Eric Don, marketing director Jack Zhu, president of business operations John Lee, operations and maintenance director Kent Li, chief legal consultant Linda Lin, CEO Michael Gan and CTO Top Lan.Learn more about 1inch.Learn more about The Graph.Learn what the typical crypto owner looks like on CMC Alexandria.Stay up to date on all crypto-news with the CoinMarketCap blog.KuCoin Token’s (KCS) circulating supply is at 80,118,638 KCS as of February 2021, with a maximum supply of 170,118,638 KCS.KuCoin Token (KCS) trading can be found on the following exchanges:If you are curious about learning how to trade Bitcoin, you can find all of the(https://coinmarketcap.com/how-to-buy-bitcoin/)information you need here.", 'website': 'https://www.kucoin.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://assets.kucoin.com/kucoin_whitepaper_en.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.kucoin.com'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/kucoincom', 'https://reddit.com/r/kucoin'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Centralized exchange', 'Discount token']} ,
{'rank': 98, 'name': 'Fantom', 'symbol': 'FTM', 'id': '3513', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/fantom/', 'slug': 'fantom', 'max_supply': '3,175,000,000', 'about': 'Fantom is a directed acyclic graph (DAG) smart contract platform providing decentralized finance (DeFi) services to developers using its own bespoke consensus algorithm.Together with its in-house token FTM, Fantom aims to solve problems associated with smart-contract platforms, specifically transaction speed, which developers say they have reduced to under two seconds. The Fantom Foundation, which oversees the Fantom product offering, was originally created in 2018, with the launch of OPERA, Fantom’s mainnet, coming in December 2019.The Fantom Foundation was founded by South Korean computer scientist Dr. Ahn Byung Ik. Currently, the platform’s CEO is Michael Kong.The team behind Fantom has extensive experience primarily in the field of full-stack blockchain development, and aimed to create a smart contract platform which privileges scalability, decentralization and security.According to its official website, Fantom’s team also consists of specialist engineers, scientists, researchers, designers and entrepreneurs. Employees are located throughout the world, matching the ethos of a distributed platform. Fantom attempts to use a new scratch-built consensus mechanism to facilitate DeFi and related services on the basis of smart contracts.The mechanism, Lachesis, promises much higher capacity and two-second transaction finalization, along with improvements to security over traditional proof-of-stake (PoS) algorithm-based platforms.Matching Ethereum, the project appeals to developers looking to deploy decentralized solutions. According to its official literature, its mission is to “grant compatibility between all transaction bodies around the world.”Its in-house PoS token, FTM, forms the backbone of transactions, and allows fee collection and staking activities, along with the user rewards the latter represents.Through token sales in 2018, Fantom raised almost $40 million to fund development.Find out more about Avalanche here.Find out more about Neo here.Find out more about Ethereum 2.0 here.New to cryptocurrency? CoinMarketCap’s dedicated information resource, Alexandria, can help you understand everything you need to know.FTM is a proof-of-stake (PoS) token which in fact exists in several incarnations. The platform’s compatibility with Ethereum means that users can purchase an ERC-20 standard FTM, which is automatically converted to native FTM once received to their wallet. Another version of FTM is available on Binance Chain using its BEP2 standard. Only the native FTM can be used on the Fantom OPERA mainnet itself.The total supply of FTM is 3.175 billion tokens, of which 2,134,638,448 FTM is currently in circulation. The rest will be released subject to a schedule running through 2023.Staking forms an important part of tokenomics, with a proportion of the supply reserved specifically for staking rewards to users who hold FTM.Fantom uses a bespoke variety of proof-of-stake algorithm to provide services and secure its network. Known as Lachesis, it is an example of a so-called asynchronous byzantine fault tolerant (aBFT) consensus mechanism.By removing leadership among network participants, Fantom avoids low-cost attack risk, while staking adds further user incentives to secure operations using FTM token holdings.Fantom’s FTM token is freely tradeable, and can be found on major exchanges such as Binance, Gate.io and OKEx Korea. FTM exists on several protocols, with ERC-20, BEP2 and Fantom’s own OPERA tokens all circulating.If you’re new to cryptocurrency and want to find out more about how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) or any other token, check out this information first.', 'website': 'https://fantom.foundation/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Fantom-Foundation', 'whitepaper': 'https://fantom.foundation/research/wp_fantom_v1.6.pdf', 'other_links': ['fantom.foundation', 'http://chat.fantom.network/', 'https://t.me/fantomfoundation'], 'explorers': ['ftmscan.com', 'explorer.fantom.network', 'explorer.binance.org', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/FantomFDN', 'https://reddit.com/r/FantomFoundation'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'DeFi', 'Research', 'Scaling', 'Smart Contracts']} ,
{'rank': 99, 'name': 'UMA', 'symbol': 'UMA', 'id': '5617', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/uma/', 'slug': 'uma', 'max_supply': '101,172,570', 'about': 'UMA, or Universal Market Access, is a protocol for the creation of synthetic assets based on the Ethereum (ETH) blockchain. UMA was launched in December 2018.Synthetic assets are a class of assets that represent different, underlying assets and have the same value. UMA specifically enables its users to design and create self-executing, self-enforcing financial contracts secured by economic incentives and run them on Ethereum’s blockchain.In essence, UMA allows counterparties to digitize and automate any real-world financial derivatives, such as futures, contracts for differences (CFDs) or total return swaps. It also enables the creation of self-fulfilling derivative contracts based on digital assets, like other cryptocurrencies.UMA was co-founded by Hart Lambur and Allison Lu, who met on the Goldman Sachs trading floor.In 2005, Lambur graduated from Columbia University with a computer science degree. In addition to co-founding UMA, he is also the CEO and co-founder of Risk Labs, the company in charge of developing the Universal Market Access protocol.Prior to UMA and Risk Labs, Lambur worked as a research assistant at Columbia and as a government bond trader at Goldman Sachs. He has also founded and headed Openfolio, a personal finance tracking platform which he sold to Stone Ridge Asset Management in 2017.Allison Lu has received a degree in Economics and Management from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Between 2009 and 2015, she worked as a vice president at Goldman Sachs, where Lu and Lambur met. Afterward, Lu worked as the VP of credit & risk analysis at the financial services mobile app Tala. She was also an advisor at One Daijo, an Ethereum-based peer-to-peer lending platform.The main idea behind Universal Market Access is reflected in its name: by developing a protocol for the creation of synthetic assets and financial contracts on the blockchain, it seeks to democratize and decentralize the financial derivatives market.The traditional financial markets have high barriers to entry in the form of regulations and custody requirements, which tend to preclude individuals from participating in them. It is often especially difficult for would-be traders and investors to take part in markets outside of their local financial system. This prevents the emergence of a truly inclusive global financial market and limits participation to a handful of institutions that can afford the necessary due diligence and legal procedures.UMA contracts, on the other hand, are based on Ethereum’s blockchain, whose permissionless nature allows any user to create, run and trade digitized derivatives from anywhere in the world. This accessibility is especially important for the developing economies around the globe, where financial institutions are frequently far from maturity, forcing local market participants into relative isolation.Looking for more projects that aim to disrupt the industry of finance? See our DeFi page.Access more info about Ethereum, the platform UMA is based on.UMA is the governance token of the Universal Market Access protocol, meaning that its holders have the right to vote on changes to the protocol’s parameters and system upgrades.The total supply of UMA is a little over 100 million tokens, of which about 55 million are in circulation as of October 2020.From the total supply, 2 million tokens were sold during the project’s initial coin offering (ICO), 48.5 million were reserved for the founders of the project, 35 million were put aside as rewards for the developers of the protocol and 14.5 million designated for future sales.In order to incentivize voter participation, every time a voting process takes place on the network, an inflationary reward equal to 0.05% of the current UMA supply is distributed among active voters proportionate to their current stake.UMA runs on top of Ethereum’s blockchain and as a consequence, they are protected by the same proof-of-work hash function Ethash.UMA can be bought at multiple major cryptocurrency exchanges, some of the largest of which are:', 'website': 'https://umaproject.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/UMAprotocol', 'other_links': ['umaproject.org', 'https://join.slack.com/t/umaprotocol/shared_invite/enQtNTk4MjQ4ODY0MDA1LTM4ODg0NGZhYWZkNjkzMDE4MjU0ZGFlYWQzZTFiZWFlZjI2NDE4OGI2NWY3OTdhYjYyZjg0MjAzMTgwODVhZTE'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/UMAprotocol'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Derivatives', 'Oracles', 'DAO', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Governance', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Synthetics']} ,
{'rank': 100, 'name': 'HUSD', 'symbol': 'HUSD', 'id': '4779', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/husd/', 'slug': 'husd', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'http://www.stcoins.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/stcoins/HUSD', 'other_links': ['www.stcoins.com'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'scan.hecochain.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/Stablecoin_HUSD'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed']} ,
{'rank': 101, 'name': 'Voyager Token', 'symbol': 'VGX', 'id': '1817', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/voyager-token/', 'slug': 'voyager-token', 'max_supply': '222,295,209', 'about': "Voyager Token is a cryptocurrency broker that provides investors with a trusted and secure access point to crypto asset trading. Voyager is built to serve both retail and institutional investors with a nigh-instant solution for trading crypto assets.The crypto brokerage service, which launched in October 2018, now supports over 55 crypto assets and has a unique smart order routing technology that connects it with over a dozen crypto exchanges. The mobile app of the Voyager Token launched in January 2019, making it even easier for users to trade cryptos.The native token of the brokerage, Voyager Token (VGX), is used to reward users within the Voyager ecosystem. VGX also generates interest when held in the Voyager app, offers cashback rewards and other services exclusive to Voyager users.Voyager also offers 100 percent commission-free transactions — including buying and selling. Traders only have to pay only the quoted price when executing an order on the platform.Crypto Trading Technologies, the mother company of Voyager Token, is led by a group with experience in online brokerage services. The project was jointly founded by Stephen Ehrlich, Philip Eytan, Gaspard de Dreuzy and Oscar Salazar.Stephen Ehrlich, the chief executive officer of the foundation, is a veteran in the brokerage and financial market specializing in developing trading platforms for equity and options traders. He is the founder of Lightspeed Financial and former CEO of E*TRADE Professional Trading LLC.Chairman of the Voyager Foundation, Philip Eytan, started as a telecom M&A analyst at Morgan Stanley and portfolio manager at Cerberus Capital. He is the co-founder of the digital healthcare startup, Pager. He is one of the founding investors of Uber, Source and Livestream.Gaspard de Dreuzy serves as a board member for the Voyager Foundation. A veteran in the brokerage and financial market, he started his career as an advisor to Warner Music. He is also the co-founder of Kapitall, Trade.it and Pager.Oscar Salazar is an investor and experienced developer of customer-driven mobile applications. He is best known for being the founding architect and chief technical officer of Uber. He is also a co-founder of the digital healthcare startup.Voyager has created a network for crypto trading that feels remarkably similar to clients traditional online brokerages enjoy. Voyager launched its mobile app in 2019 to bring an easy, yet efficient crypto brokerage service to smartphone users.Voyager Token uses a Smart Order Routing technology that takes advantage of discrepancies between listed prices on cryptocurrency exchanges. This technology helps it connect instantly with over a dozen crypto exchanges for investors to choose the best exchange rate available for their transactions.This feature also means that investors can also evaluate the spreads between bid and ask prices and higher levels of liquidity across different crypto exchanges. For traders, it becomes much easier to enter and exit positions.Although the platform offers professional trading services, it remains very easy to use. The order submission is assisted by Voyager's Smart Order Routing. After selecting a coin or token, the order type, and the amount of the asset to be purchased in USD, Voyager's Smart Order Routing automatically fills out the order.Find out about Troy (TROY)Nine things to know before investing in cryptocurrencyLearn about cryptocurrency with CMC AlexandriaRead the latest posts on the CoinMarketCap blogLike the native tokens of other crypto brokerage platforms, the Voyager Tokens have all been issued. This means that the circulating. Other brokerage services that take this approach include Binance (BNB) and Troy (TROY). The max supply of such tokens represents the circulating supply because of the high liquidity rate recorded by brokers. The max supply and circulating supply of VGX tokens is set at 222,295,208 tokens, with no immediate plans of issuing more tokens.Voyager tokens were issued as an ERC-20 token running on the Ethereum network. Being an ERC-20 token, VGX cannot be mined like conventional proof-of-work crypto assets.The network leverages the well-tested cryptographic standards and methods of Ethereum to ensure an extremely high degree of security. In addition, it incorporates public key cryptography as well as elliptic key cryptography for advanced security.Voyager is a publicly traded and licensed crypto-asset broker, having received approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). For security and regulatory reasons, Voyager is also publicly audited to account for every asset.Voyager Tokens is a mobile-focused brokerage token. The top exchanges for trading in Voyager tokens are currently:BinanceUnisawp v2HitBTCATOMARSTo get reliable updates on Voyager Tokens as well as other cryptocurrencies, follow CoinMarketCap’s daily news.", 'website': 'https://t.me/joinchat/H9SuYEmNirTJFHtMqtc70A', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.investvoyager.com/VoyagerToken/White_Paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.investvoyager.com', 'www.ethos.io', 'https://t.me/joinchat/H9SuYEmNirTJFHtMqtc70A'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/investvoyager', 'https://reddit.com/r/investvoyager'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'Wallet']} ,
{'rank': 102, 'name': 'Ankr', 'symbol': 'ANKR', 'id': '3783', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ankr/', 'slug': 'ankr', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': 'Ankr originates as a solution that utilizes shared resources in order to provide easy and affordable blockchain node hosting solutions. It was founded in November in 2017 and during its time on the market, it has built a marketplace for container-based cloud services through the usage of shared resources.This in turn provides developers and enterprise clients with the ability to easily deploy blockchain nodes at a much cheaper price when compared to public cloud providers.As such, hosting blockchain nodes on Ankr take away any centralization issues and single point of failure.Furthermore, public blockchains are able to engage in communities and provide further assistance to their networks. Ankr aims to build an infrastructure platform and marketplace for Web3-stack deployment to enable resource providers as well as end-users to connect to blockchain technologies and DeFi applications.Note that the Ankr proprietary cloud infrastructure operates independently when we compare it to public cloud providers, and that it is completely powered through geographically distributed datacenters to increase its stability and resilience levels. The Ankr Network was founded in 2017 at Berkeley University in California as a distributed computing platform that takes advantage of blockchain technologies.Co-founder Chandler Song worked as an engineer at Amazon Web Services and serves as CEO, while the other co-founder Ryan Fang worked as an investment banker at Morgan Stanley.Chandler Song introduced Ryan Fang to Bitcoin and blockchain during their freshman year back in 2014, where he talked him into buying 22 Bitcoin together. In 2017, those bitcoins became the seed that funded the Ankr project.Together, they acknowledged the potential of the cloud computing market as an infrastructure that could drive global innovation. This led them on a mission to build a cheaper, decentralized cloud.The Ankr network is created to provide a new blockchain solution that leverages idle computing power from devices and data centers as a whole. It is a platform that enables the sharing economy, where any customer can access resources at a more affordable rate, while also providing enterprises with the ability to monetize on their spare computing power that is not being utilized. It is unique in the way that it is the first one to use trusted hardware, and as such this ensures a high level of security. Find out about Bancor (BNT).Find out about Decentraland (MANA).Learn about cryptocurrency through Alexandria.Read our latest posts on our CoinMarketCap blog.The current circulating supply of ANKR is set at 6,496,232,711 coins. They are at a trading volume of $49,811,009 USD. Ankr coins have a max supply of 10,000,000,000 ANKR coins. The ERC-20 and BEP-2 tokens are used in order to provide liquidity and trading on the exchanges, and the native Ankr token Is required to access blockchain functions. Ankr utilizes verification nodes in the block validation process, and as such can ensure that the quality of the network itself is maintained and that any bad actors are removed from the system.In order to ensure that the system remains secure and that only good actors are picked, Ankr employs a reputation-based system. This filters actors based on node contributions. Furthermore, a performance test is used to fairly distribute their differing computational resources based on their workload.Ankr also employs the intel SGX as its main component. This allows for a high level of security against certain hardware and software attacks due to the fact that it processes executions inside of the hardware itself. When we discuss off-chain data and its processing, there is a Native Oracle System, or NOS for short, that transfers between the on-chain smart contracts as well as the off-chain data. This NOS is secure and requires authentication.The Data Source Security itself is handled through TLS 1.2,1.3 and Perfect Forward Security, or PFS. Ankr is a crypto asset that can be found in many different crypto exchanges. The top crypto exchanges for buying, selling and trading of Ankr (ANKR) include:Upbit BithumbHoubi GlobalDigifinex Bittrex, andUniswap (V2)The number of exchanges trading Ankr have decent liquidity for Ankr tokens, and will probably not have too much slippage on large block orders as a result. Here’s a step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://www.ankr.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Ankr-network', 'other_links': ['www.ankr.com', 'https://t.me/ankrnetwork', 'https://open.kakao.com/o/g7Knr09'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'explorer.binance.org', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/ankr'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'DeFi', 'Filesharing', 'Staking', 'Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 103, 'name': 'ICON', 'symbol': 'ICX', 'id': '2099', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/icon/', 'slug': 'icon', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "ICON is a decentralized blockchain network focused on interoperability. With ICON’s “blockchain transmission protocol”, independent blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum can connect and transact with each other. This opens up cross-chain use cases that are impossible without an interoperability layer like ICON.ICON Network describes itself as a general-purpose blockchain protocol based on the native cryptocurrency ICX that can run smart contracts, adopt the BFT-DPoS (Delegated Proof-of-Stake) consensus protocol, and use an economic-governance protocol called DPoC (Delegated Proof-of-Contribution). The ICON Network is powered by a proprietary blockchain engine called 'loopchain' and has the ability to handle hundreds of transactions per second. The ICON project was started to ensure the integrity and transparency of data shared between institutions and companies, and to move mutual assets on heterogeneous blockchains without a centralized organization. In the long term, ICON Network aims to become an 'interchain' that connects multiple blockchains based on BTP technology.The ICON blockchain is powered by loopchain, a blockchain engine designed by ICONLOOP. ICONLOOP is responsible for loopchain’s government and enterprise adoption in South Korea. Loopchain is the Seoul Metropolitan Government’s standard blockchain platform.", 'website': 'https://iconrepublic.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/icon-project', 'whitepaper': 'http://docs.icon.foundation/ICON-Whitepaper-EN-Draft.pdf', 'other_links': ['iconrepublic.org', 'https://t.me/hello_iconworld'], 'explorers': ['tracker.icon.foundation', 'iconwat.ch'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/helloiconworld', 'https://reddit.com/r/helloicon'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Interoperability', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 104, 'name': 'Ravencoin', 'symbol': 'RVN', 'id': '2577', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ravencoin/', 'slug': 'ravencoin', 'max_supply': '21,000,000,000', 'about': 'Ravencoin is a digital peer-to-peer (P2P) network that aims to implement a use case specific blockchain, designed to efficiently handle one specific function: the transfer of assets from one party to another. Built on a fork of the Bitcoin code, Ravencoin was announced on Oct. 31, 2017 and released binaries for mining on Jan. 3, 2018 with what is called a fair launch: no premine, ICO or masternodes. It was named in reference to a TV show Game of Thrones.The Ravencoin whitepaper was published by Bruce Fenton, Tron Black and Joel Weight.They stand out over the majority of the crypto crowd in that they were all seasoned businessmen and developers before they started this project.Fenton is well known in crypto for being a board member and an executive director of the Bitcoin Foundation from 2015 to 2018. Before crypto, he had a solid career in investment banking as the vice president of Morgan Stanley in the 90s and a managing director of Atlantis Consulting for 13 years. Currently, he works as a managing director of Chainstone Labs, a stealth fintech startup.Tron Black is a principal software developer with more than 30 years of experience, including leading several software companies as a CEO. He has been working in crypto since 2013 on several ventures including Verified Wallet, CoinCPA and t0. He is currently employed with Medici Ventures, a subsidiary of Overstock.com focused on blockchain technology applications.Weight is a chief technology officer at Overstock.com, a well known online retailer. Previously, he has also been involved with Medici Ventures in roles of COO and CTO. He is a veteran software developer who started his career after graduating from the University of Utah in 1998 right in the middle of the dotcom bubble.As a fork of the Bitcoin code, Ravencoin features four key changes: modified issuance schedule (with block reward of 5,000 RVN), block time reduced to one minute, coin supply capped at 21 billion (ten times more than BTC) and a mining algorithm (KAWPOW, formerly X16R and X16RV2 respectively) intended to mitigate the centralization of mining caused by ASIC hardware. Ravencoin aimsto solve the problem of assets transfer and trading over blockchain. Previously, if someone created an asset on the Bitcoin blockchain, it could be accidentally destroyed when someone traded the coins it was created with. RVN coins are designed as internal currency within the network and must be burnt in order to issue token assets on the Ravenchain. The assets can represent anything: real world custodial objects like gold or physical euros, virtual goods and objects, a share of a project like stocks and securities, airline miles or an hour of someone’s wage, etc. The planned future versions of Ravencoin protocol will support integrated messaging and voting systems.Learn more about Counterparty, one of the first crypto protocols for assets trading.Maybe it’s time for a deep dive into Polkadot, a booming multichain protocol that facilitates the cross-chain transfer of any data or assets.What is ASIC mining?Want toknow how it started? Read our explainer on Bitcoin.Ready for more crypto info? Check out our blog for the latest crypto news and insights.Ravencoin insists on being as fair and open as it is possible for a new cryptocurrency. There was no pre-mine, no ICO and no coins were held for developer or founders rewards.In three years since its inception (as of March 2021), 39% of coins are already mined. The total supply is capped at 21 billion coins.Ravencoin is a fork of Bitcoin, so it is protected by the power of decentralization and mathematics. It uses a proof-of-work mining algorithm called KAWPOW, which replaced X16R and X16RV2 on May 6, 2020. Not only does this ensure security it is designed to be ASIC resistant. The X16r algorithm group employed initially uses 16 different hashing algorithms for each mining block, but the order in which they are used is different for every block and is derived from the last 8 bytes of the hash of the previous block. It was thought that the necessity to adapt each cycle did not give ASICs any advantage over CPUs and GPUs. Eventually, however, ASICs for it were created, andRavencoin had to switch to an entirely different algorithm, KAWPOW, which was a slightly modified version of ProgPow, which itself was the evolution of Ethash and is optimised for mining on GPUs.This, combined with the commitment of fair distribution with no pre-mine is meant to ensure that no single individual or organization will have or be able to have enough hash power to try to attempt a 51% attack or create any sort of artificial market price shocks.Unfortunately, there was a successful known hack of the Ravencoin blockchain, of which the public was informed about on June 3, 2020. During the attack, hackers managed to nstantly mint i315 million RVN coins, which constitutes about 1.5% of Ravencoin’s supply cap of 21 billion. At the moment of the announcementm the price of the stolen RVN was estimated at USD $5.7M. None of the existing coin holders were directly affected by the attack.RVN is a freely traded coin with pairs against stablecoins, such as Tether (USDT), other cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum, and fiat money.The top exchanges for trading in Ravencoin are currently Binance, Huobi Global, OKEx, ZG.com, and VCC Exchange. You can find others listed on our crypto exchanges page.New to crypto and want to know how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) or any other token? Find out the details here.', 'website': 'https://github.com/RavenProject/Ravencoin', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/RavenProject/Ravencoin', 'whitepaper': 'https://ravencoin.org/whitepaper/', 'other_links': ['ravencoin.org', 'getravencoin.org', 'https://t.me/RavencoinDev', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/CqbfUZd'], 'explorers': ['ravencoin.network', 'rvn.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/ravencoin', 'https://reddit.com/r/Ravencoin'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Crowdfunding'], 'other': ['Mineable'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Asset management', 'Atomic Swaps', 'DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 105, 'name': 'BakeryToken', 'symbol': 'BAKE', 'id': '7064', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bakerytoken/', 'slug': 'bakerytoken', 'max_supply': '277,237,400', 'about': 'Launched in September 2020, BakeryToken (BAKE) is a part of the BakerySwap ecosystem. Liquidity providers are rewarded with BAKE tokens which can be used to earn a share of BakerySwap’s trading fees and to participate in voting as part of BakerySwap’s governance process.BakerySwap is a decentralized automated market-making (AMM) protocol that is based on the Binance Smart Chain (BSC). The BAKE token is a native BEP-20 governance token on the platform.Users have the ability to earn BAKE tokens by providing liquidity on BakerySwap, and BAKE holders can use their tokens for governance voting and to receive transaction fee dividends. The BAKE rewards are offered in several liquidity pools, initially including BTC, ETH, DOT, LINK, BUSD and BAKE versus BNB.The team behind BakeryToken is an anonymous group of developers who believe in the future of decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs).Bakery Swap runs on the Binance Smart Chain. The BAKE-BNB pool is expected to provide ten times the rewards compared to other pools.BakerySwap, a Binance Smart Chain-based AMM, offers liquidity pools for altcoins such as LINK, DOT and others. It works through initial liquidity pools. BakerySwap has two types of liquidity pools: with BAKE rewards and without them. This is done in order to facilitate the creation of new liquidity pools by the community.Only designated pools will have BAKE rewards. The reward multiplier for each will vary based on the value they provide to BAKE holders. BakerySwap charges a 0.30% fee on all swaps and trades, out of which 0.25% go to liquidity providers.The liquidity providers are then given liquidity pool tokens that represent their share of each pool. Through these tokens, they can earn a portion of the fees that are collected in the pools when removing the liquidity. Liquidity providers can then stake Bakery LP tokens to farm BAKE token rewards. Learn about Universe.Learn about Klaytn.Learn about Crypto ETFs on CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Stay in the loop about everything cryptocurrency on the CoinMarketCap blog.The BakeryToken network is secured through the use of real-time security monitors and intelligence systems. It has on-chain monitoring and passes many security checks.BakeryToken (BAKE) can be purchased or sold on the following exchanges:Consult with our in-depth guide to find out more about how to buy Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://www.bakeryswap.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/BakeryProject', 'other_links': ['www.bakeryswap.org', 'https://t.me/bakeryswap'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/bakery_swap'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs', 'DeFi', 'AMM', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'DEX'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 106, 'name': '1inch', 'symbol': '1INCH', 'id': '8104', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/1inch/', 'slug': '1inch', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '1inch is a decentralized exchange (DEX) aggregator, connecting several DEXes into one platform to allow its users to find the most efficient swapping routes across all platforms. In order for a user to find the best price for a swap, they need to look at every exchange — DEX aggregators eliminate the need for manually checking, bringing efficiency to swapping on DEXs.DEX aggregators work by sourcing liquidity from different DExs, meaning that they are able to offer users better token swap rates than they could find on any single DEX, in the shortest time possible.1inch launched in August 2020 after a $2.8 million funding raise from Binance Labs, Galaxy Digital, Greenfield One, Libertus Capital, Dragonfly Capital, FTX, IOSG, LAUNCHub Ventures and Divergence Ventures.In December 2020, 1inch raised another $12 million in Series A funding, led by Pantera Capital, with others including ParaFi Capital, Blockchain Capital, Nima Capital and Spartan Group. The funding round was conducted through a SAFT sale (simple agreement for future tokens). 1inch in winter 2020 also launched Mooniswap, its own automated market maker (AMM).In December 2020, 1inch launched its 1INCH governance token, and the 1inch Network began to be governed by a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO).1inch was founded by Sergej Kunz and Anton Bukov over the course of the ETHNewYork hackathon in 2019. The two had earlier met during a live stream of Kunz’s YouTube channel (CryptoManiacs), and began entering hackathons together, winning a prize at a hackathon in Singapore as well as two major awards from Ethereum Global.Prior to 1inch, Kunz worked as a senior developer at product price aggregator Commerce Connector, coded at communication agency Herzog, led projects at Mimacom consultancy, and then worked full time at Porsche in both DevOps and cybersecurity.Bukov, currently the CTO of 1inch, had worked in software development since 2002, and worked in decentralized finance (DeFi) since 2017 on products including gDAI.io and NEAR Protocol..1inch is unique in that it provides instant governance for its users. This feature allows 1inch users to vote for specific protocol settings in the decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) model. Check out Paraswap here, another DEX aggregator.Check out 0x Protocol, which operates DEX liquidity aggregator 0x API.To learn all about crypto, read up on CMC Alexandria.Check out CoinMarketCap’s blog here.The 1inch token launch was announced in August 2020. At the time, co-founder Sergej Kunz said that the token would be registered with a regulator, but did not specify which. According to Kunz, “the 1INCH tokens are not intended to be securities [...] or an investment. The 1INCH tokens are intended to be used for their consumptive purposes on the 1inch Network, the 1INCH token protocols, and other applications that third parties may develop utilizing the 1INCH tokens and/or the permissionless blockchain-based decentralized 1inch Network." He added at the independent board of the Cayman Islands 1inch Foundation will support the adoption of 1inch tokens. The 1inch token will be used to stake and participate in the governance of 1inch protocols by all holders.The circulating supply on 1inch as of its release day on Dec. 25, 2020 is 6 percent of the total issuance, as well as .5 percent for the first two weeks of the liquidity mining program. The current total supply of 1INCH is 1.5 billion tokens.Of the total token supply, 30 percent was allocated to community incentives, and they will be passed out over the next four years in order to create an incentive for community members to be involved in protocol governance.Over a four-year period as well, 14.5 percent of the total supply will make up the protocol growth and development fund, used to issue grants, bring on developers and repay any users due to unforeseen circumstances.1inch is non-custodial, and all trades take place within one transaction from a user’s Ethereum-based wallet. As of December 2020, Oasis, Kyber Network, Uniswap, 0x Relays and others are integrated into 1inch’s protocol.After 1inch launched in late December 2020, all wallets that had interacted with 1inch through midnight on December 24 received 1inch tokens if they met certain criteria. Liquidity providers for 1inch will also get 1inch tokens according to the 1inch liquidity mining program’s stages 1 and 2.1INCH is available on several exchanges, including Binance, Huobi Global, Uniswap and 1inch.To learn more about the best way to buy Bitcoin, for you, check out our guide on “How to Buy Bitcoin” here.', 'website': 'https://1inch.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/1inch-exchange/1inch-token/', 'other_links': ['1inch.io', 'https://t.me/OneInchNetwork'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockscout.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['blog.1inch.io', 'https://twitter.com/1inchNetwork', 'https://reddit.com/r/1inch'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'AMM', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'ParaFi capital']} ,
{'rank': 107, 'name': 'Neutrino USD', 'symbol': 'USDN', 'id': '5068', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/neutrino-usd/', 'slug': 'neutrino-usd', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://neutrino.at/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/waves-exchange/neutrino-contract', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.neutrino.at/', 'other_links': ['neutrino.at', 'https://t.me/neutrino_group', 'https://t.me/neutrino_protocol_news'], 'explorers': ['wavesexplorer.com', 'etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/neutrino_proto'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Stablecoin'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Waves', 'LPoS', 'Stablecoin - Algorithmically-Stabilized', 'Staking']} ,
{'rank': 108, 'name': 'Livepeer', 'symbol': 'LPT', 'id': '3640', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/livepeer/', 'slug': 'livepeer', 'max_supply': '22,906,951', 'about': 'Launched in 2017, Livepeer is the first live video streaming network protocol that is fully decentralized. The platform aims to become a viable blockchain-based, economically efficient alternative to centralized broadcasting solutions for all new and existing broadcaster companies. As stated in the official Livepeer whitepaper, the live video streaming and broadcasting industry is growing at a rapid pace, and the company is looking to ride this wave and introduce decentralization to the environment. Livepeer aims to streamline the broadcasting process by allowing producers to submit their work on the platform, taking care of reformatting and distributing the content to users and streaming platforms. Livepeer is an open-source protocol, which means that developers can freely contribute to the underlying code on GitHub. Livepeer Inc is the legal entity behind the Livepeer platform. Livepeer Inc was founded by Doug Petkanics and Eric Tang.Doug Petkanics graduated with a degree in computer science from the University of Pennsylvania in 2006. Since then, he has been an integral part of several big names like Groupon and Wildcard. In 2006, he joined Accenture as an analyst, and in 2010 he co-founded Hyperpublic, which Groupon later acquired. In 2013, Petkanics co-founded Wildcard, a publishing platform, and web browser. Since 2016, he has been at the center of development for Livepeer.Eric Tang graduated with a degree in electrical and computer engineering from Carnegie Mellon University. In 2008, he joined Next Jump as a software developer, and in 2010 he became a product manager for Clickable. In 2010, he teamed up with Doug Petkanics and co-founded Hyperpublic. Since then, the duo has worked together on Wildcard and later on Livepeer. Livepeer is a unique project because it aims to revolutionize the broadcasting industry by employing the powers of blockchain technology. The open-source platform allows users and developers to participate in the management and improvement of the platform freely. The growing capabilities of digital cameras for producing high-quality video content drive the development of the broadcasting industry, and Livepeer aims to further boost this process by allowing users to benefit from decentralized computing power and crypto-economic incentives for bootstrapping and participation.Livepeer is becoming a leading industry platform, as it allows users to participate in numerous ways. The platform offers opportunities for pay-as-you-go content consumption, auto-scaling social video services, uncensorable live journalism, and video-enabled DApps. Livepeer is transforming the live video streaming process and is on the road to becoming an industry leader. Read more about Basic Attention Token.Find out more about NEAR protocol.Learn more about transactions on the blockchain.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.Livepeer has a maximum supply of 22,906,951 LTP tokens and a total supply of 22,859,012 LTP tokens. The circulating supply is 21,164,655 LPT.Of the total supply, founders and early team members split amongst themselves about 12.35%, which has a vesting period of 36 months from network launch. Another 19% of tokens were directed towards pre-sale purchases. The largest amount of tokens, 63.437%, was distributed towards crowd sales. Finally, 5% of the total token supply is reserved for maintaining the Livepeer network, ensuring the project’s future development. As Livepeer is built on the Ethereum blockchain, the platform utilizes a modified version of a delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS) consensus mechanism. In a DPoS mechanism, there is no mining at all. Instead, the validation of new blocks on the blockchain happens based on the number of coins staked. This is what differentiates Livepeer from consensus mechanisms as the one Bitcoin uses. While Bitcoin’s proof-of-work (PoW) mechanism requires a large amount of electrical and computing power, the DPoS systems are more ecologically conscious and easily scalable. Not only that, LIvepeer benefits from the extensive DApp universe already established by the Ethereum blockchain, which further boosts the usability of the network. Livepeer (LPT) tokens are becoming an increasingly sought-after asset, which is why more exchanges are starting to offer trading pairs with the cryptocurrency. If you are looking to purchase LPT, your best bet is Gate.io.Other recommended exchanges include:It is important to note that purchasing cryptocurrency bears risk, just like investing in any other asset. Find more information here about buying cryptos.', 'website': 'https://livepeer.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/livepeer', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/livepeer/wiki/blob/master/WHITEPAPER.md', 'other_links': ['livepeer.org', 'https://t.me/livepeerorg'], 'explorers': ['explorer.livepeer.org', 'etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'hubble.figment.network'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'forum.livepeer.org', 'https://twitter.com/LivepeerOrg', 'https://reddit.com/r/livepeer'], 'property': ['Coinfund Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 109, 'name': 'Flow', 'symbol': 'FLOW', 'id': '4558', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/flow/', 'slug': 'flow', 'max_supply': '1,344,157,523', 'about': "Flow is a fast, decentralized, and developer-friendly blockchain, designed as the foundation for a new generation of games, apps, and the digital assets that power them. Flow is the only layer-one blockchain originally created by a team that has consistently delivered great consumer blockchain experiences: CryptoKitties, Dapper Wallet, NBA Top Shot.The FLOW token (“FLOW”) is the native currency for the Flow network and the keystone for a new, inclusive, and borderless digital economy. If Flow is the digital infrastructure, FLOW token is the fuel that powers the network.\nFLOW is the currency required for the network and all the applications on top of it to function. FLOW is designed as a payment method as well as a long-term reserve asset for the entire Flow economy. The token is used by validators, developers, and users to participate in the FLOW network and earn rewards. It is also used for fees and to participate in future protocol governance.Flow is a blockchain designed from the ground up for mainstream adoption and is the only blockchain that builds usability improvements into the protocol layer.\nTop developers and some of the world's largest brands are already building on Flow, enabling completely new experiences with top-tier content.Flow has a rich ecosystem comprised of top entertainment brands, development studios, and venture-backed startups. Flow ecosystem partners include global IP brands like Warner Music, Ubisoft, NBA and UFC; leading game developers, including Animoca Brands, Sumo Digital and nWay; leaders in crypto, such as Circle and Binance; as well as several noteworthy projects among the next generation of high-growth startups, including Opensea.Learning from and improving upon existing solutions, Flow provides:Dapper Labs was the original creator behind Flow blockchain as well as Cryptokitties, Dapper, and NBA Top Shot. Founded in 2018, Dapper Labs uses blockchain technology to bring new forms of digital engagement to users around the world. Blockchain-enabled applications can bring fans closer with the brands they love, give people a real stake in the communities they contribute to, and create new ways for consumers to become creators themselves. Publicly-announced Dapper Labs partners include the NBA and NBPA, Warner Music Group and UFC. Notable investors in Dapper Labs include Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Google Ventures, Samsung, and the founders of Dreamworks, Reddit, Coinbase, Zynga, and AngelList, among others.", 'website': 'https://www.onflow.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/onflow', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.onflow.org/technical-paper/', 'other_links': ['www.onflow.org', 'https://discord.gg/hfxW25U', 'https://t.me/flow_blockchain'], 'explorers': ['flowscan.org', 'flow.bigdipper.live'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/flow_blockchain'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'LedgerPrime Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 110, 'name': 'Bitcoin Diamond', 'symbol': 'BCD', 'id': '2222', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-diamond/', 'slug': 'bitcoin-diamond', 'max_supply': '210,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.bitcoindiamond.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/eveybcd/BitcoinDiamond', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.bitcoindiamond.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Bitcoin-Diamond-Whitepaper-1.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.bitcoindiamond.org', 'https://t.me/BCDcommunity', 'https://bitcoindiamonds.slack.com/'], 'explorers': ['explorer.btcd.io', 'bcd.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/BitcoinDiamond_', 'https://reddit.com/r/Bitcoin-Diamond'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Payments'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 111, 'name': 'renBTC', 'symbol': 'RENBTC', 'id': '5777', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/renbtc/', 'slug': 'renbtc', 'max_supply': '13,698', 'about': 'RenBTC is an ERC-20 token built on the Ethereum network, pegged to Bitcoin. This means that each RENBTC can be always redeemed for one Bitcoin, and hence tends to maintain its value at close to the Bitcoin market rate. RenBTC is minted on the Ren platform, which is an open protocol that provides everyone with access to the inter-blockchain liquidity, helping to bring assets from other blockchains to Ethereum decentralized applications (DApps). The main cryptocurrencies supported are Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH) and Zcash (ZEC). The renBTC token is a direct competitor of Wrapped Bitcoin (wBTC). Minting the token is a fairly straightforward process, which sees users simply send their BTC to RenVM, which then secures the asset and mints an equivalent number of renBTC tokens on Ethereum. Unlike other Bitcoin-backed tokens, renBTC is not a synthetic token, and doesn’t rely on any liquidation mechanisms to ensure it remains pegged to the value of BTC — instead, it’s a direct supply peg, meaning there are always enough BTC in reserve to cover the circulating renBTC supply. Redeeming renBTC is just as simple as minting it. The user only needs to send their renBTC back to RenVM (paying a small gas fee to do so) which releases the native Bitcoin to the user’s address. The renBTC tokens are destroyed, reducing the supply to match the reduced reserves.Ren (formerly Republic Protocol) — the development firm behind the Ren ecosystem was founded by Taiyang Zhang, who is also its current CEO. Zhang was also a founding member of KeeperDAO and is one of the co-founders of Virgil Capital — a multi-strategy quantitative cryptocurrency trading firm. He is a skilled developer and early cryptocurrency adopter.The Ren team also includes Loong Wang, the current CTO of Ren. Wang was the lead software developer for Neucode, and also holds the position of academic tutor at the Australian National University.The rest of the team includes three more software developers, one blockchain developer, a researcher, and currently comprises more than 30 individuals. What Makes RenBTC Unique? The main difference between renBTC and other wrapped Bitcoin tokens is the fluid value exchange of the token. RenVM does not store any Bitcoin inside a centralized custodial platform but instead uses a decentralized network of nodes called Darknodes. Users can mint and burn tokens back and forth whenever they want, without needing to complete KYC to do so. The protocol can handle hundreds of transactions per minute, and has never been overloaded.Additionally, RenVM can be directly integrated into numerous decentralized applications through the use of specialized adapters provided by Ren. This means that a user can directly utilize Bitcoin (via RENBTC) on a decentralized exchange (DEX) or lending platform without needing to jump through any hoops first. It’s also important to note that the ECDSA private keys of RenVM are secret which creates a trustless, decentralized, and permissionless BTC token on the Ethereum network. Check out Wrapped Bitcoin (WBTC) — another Bitcoin-backed ERC-20 token.Take a look at WETH (WETH) — an ERC-20 compliant version of Ethereum (ETH),Learn how to use Uniswap with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.For the latest news, market updates, tricks, and tips, check out the CoinMarketCap blog.The total supply and circulating supply of RenBTC are the same and fluctuate as ERC-20 renBTC tokens are minted and burned. The token did not have a token sale, and there is no team allocation of RENBTC.As of December 2020, there are just north of 14,000 BTC wrapped as RENBTC, bringing its market capitalization to $321.9 million. Note that this is likely to change considerably over time, as the market capitalization of renBTC depends both on the underlying value of Bitcoin (BTC), and the number of BTC held in the renBTC reserve. How Is the RenBTC protocol Secured?RenBTC operates on top of the Ethereum network — one of the most secure blockchains in current usage. The ERC-20 RenBTC tokens are secured by the collective efforts of thousands of Ethereum miners, who act to maintain the integrity of the Ethereum blockchain and the tokens transferred on it. Additionally, the RenVM protocol utilizes a secure multiparty computation system that allows untrusted Darknodes to run scripts without revealing the input or output to others. Darknodes must stake 100,000 REN tokens as collateral and earn fees for helping to power the renBTC network. The ECDSA private keys are hidden, even from the nodes, which means that RenVM generates and signs data in a secure manner. No attacker can prevent other users from minting their renBTC or redeeming their BTC back whenever they choose.The protocol claims to be Byzantine Fault Tolerant which means that even if the Darknodes become unavailable or act fraudulently, the scripts will continue running to keep the secrets hidden.Users can always obtain RenBTC by minting it on the RenVM protocol using any Bitcoin they already have. However, the ERC-20 renBTC token can be purchased directly on several popular exchanges including Binance and Huobi Global, in addition to various decentralized exchanges — including Uniswap and 1inch Exchange. As of December 2020, the most popular renBTC trading pairs are renBTC/BTC, renBTC/WETH, and renBTC/USDT. There are currently no direct fiat on-ramps to renBTC, but you can buy Bitcoin with fiat (as explained here), and then convert it to renBTC via the RenVM platform.', 'website': 'https://renproject.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/renproject', 'whitepaper': 'https://renproject.io/litepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['renproject.io', 'https://t.me/renproject', 'https://t.me/renprojectann'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockscout.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/renprotocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/renproject'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Polkadot Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Wrapped Tokens']} ,
{'rank': 112, 'name': 'Arweave', 'symbol': 'AR', 'id': '5632', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/arweave/', 'slug': 'arweave', 'max_supply': '66,000,000', 'about': 'Arweave is a decentralized storage network that seeks to offer a platform for the indefinite storage of data. Describing itself as "a collectively owned hard drive that never forgets," the network primarily hosts "the permaweb" — a permanent, decentralized web with a number of community-driven applications and platforms.The Arweave network uses a native cryptocurrency, AR, to pay "miners" to indefinitely store the network\'s information.The project was first announced as Archain in August 2017, later rebranding to Arweave in February 2018 and officially launching in June 2018.Arweave was founded by Sam Williams and William Jones, two Ph.D. candidates at the University of Kent. Williams came to the project with experience in decentralized and distributed systems, having developed an operating system called HydrOS as a part of his studies, while Jones\' focus was on graph theory and neural networking. While Williams dropped out of graduate school to focus on the company, Jones left the project early on in mid-2018 and completed his Ph.D.According to Williams, he came up with the idea while walking up a mountain in Scotland, later bringing the concept to Jones, with whom he developed the technical details. After launching Arweave, Williams was later named an advisor to Minespider, a company providing blockchain-based supply chain tracking for the raw materials industry, and he has served as a mentor for the Techstars accelerator program.Although Arweave was founded with centralized leadership, it launched a decentralized autonomous organization in January 2020 comprised of core community members to further the development and expansion of the network and its ecosystem.According to its yellow paper, Arweave seeks to ensure the "collective ability to store and share information between individuals and across time to new generations." In order to accomplish this goal, its flagship permaweb is built on top of Arweave\'s "blockweave," a variation of blockchain technology in which each block is linked to both the one immediately prior and also a random earlier one. Arweave says this incentivizes miners to store more data because they need to be able to access random previous blocks to add new ones and receive rewards.Arweave is focused on building a sustainable ecosystem around the network. In June 2020, it unveiled "profit sharing tokens," which allow developers to receive dividends when network transaction fees are generated from their application, and it hosts incubators to support the building of permaweb-based apps. The project also works with startups through its "Boost" program, offering free storage and access to the Arweave team and industry investors.In March 2020, Arweave announced that it had received $8.3 million in funding from Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures and Coinbase Ventures. This followed an earlier November 2019 investment also from Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures, as well as Multicoin Capital.Learn about Filecoin, a distributed storage network from the creators of the InterPlanetary File System.Learn about Siacoin, the native cryptocurrency of the Sia distributed cloud storage network.Want to know more about decentralized storage? Read more about what it seeks to achieve on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap\'s online educational resource.Keep up with the latest in technological innovations offered by blockchain with the CoinMarketCap Blog.According to its yellow paper, Arweave has a maximum token supply of 66 million AR. 55 million AR was minted when the blockweave\'s genesis block was created in June 2018, and an additional 11 million will be gradually introduced as block rewards.Arweave held a token pre-sale event in August 2017 in which 10.8% of the initially generated token supply was sold, and two public sales were completed in May 2018 and June 2018 in which 7.1% and 1.1% of the supply was sold, respectively. The company allocated an additional 19.5% for a private sale, 2.9% for project advisors, 13% for the team (subject to a five-year lock-up with 20% released per year), 19.1% for ecosystem development, and 26.5% for future project use (subject to a five-year lock-up with 20% released per year).The Arweave network is built on a modified version of blockchain technology it calls "blockweave," which uses a "proof-of-access" consensus algorithm — a modified version of proof-of-work. With PoA, each new block is not only linked to the one immediately prior to it but to a random previous block as well, and both blocks are hashed to generate the new one. Miners are not required to store an entire blockchain, but they are incentivized to store more information to prove they can access the old blocks that are required to mine a new one.The mining protocol used by Arweave, RandomX, was successfully audited by four cybersecurity firms — Trail of Bits, Kudelski Security, X41 D-Sec and QuarksLab — in August 2019. The project plans to utilize a new mining algorithm starting in early 2021 known as SPoRA, which it said in December 2020 had been audited by NCC Group.AR can be purchased on cryptocurrency exchanges such as MXC.COM, Bilaxy, Huobi Global, and Hoo, among others. It can be traded against the stablecoin Tether (USDT) as well as Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH).Are you interested in buying AR or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://www.arweave.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ArweaveTeam/arweave', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.arweave.org/files/arweave-lightpaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.arweave.org', 'https://discord.gg/BXk8tq7'], 'explorers': ['viewblock.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/arweaveteam', 'https://reddit.com/r/Arweave'], 'property': ['Distributed Computing', 'Filesharing', 'Storage', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 113, 'name': 'Verge', 'symbol': 'XVG', 'id': '693', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/verge/', 'slug': 'verge', 'max_supply': '16,555,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'http://vergecurrency.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/vergecurrency', 'whitepaper': 'https://vergecurrency.com/static/blackpaper/verge-blackpaper-v5.0.pdf', 'other_links': ['vergecurrency.com', 'https://t.me/VERGExvg', 'https://discord.gg/vergecurrency'], 'explorers': ['verge-blockchain.info', 'xvg.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/vergecurrency', 'https://reddit.com/r/vergecurrency'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['Multiple algorithms'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Privacy'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 114, 'name': 'Ren', 'symbol': 'REN', 'id': '2539', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ren/', 'slug': 'ren', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Ren (REN) is an open protocol built to provide interoperability and liquidity between different blockchain platforms. Formerly known as Republic Protocol, Ren launched RenVM, its virtual machine mainnet, in May 2020, having completed a $34 million initial coin offering (ICO) in 2018.The protocol’s native token, REN, functions as a bond for those running nodes which power RenVM, known as Darknodes.Ren aims to expand the interoperability, and hence accessibility, of decentralized finance (DeFi) by removing hurdles involved in liquidity between blockchains.Ren was founded by Taiyang Zhang, its CEO, in 2017. Initially called Republic Protocol, Ren was first announced in January 2018, with Zhang explaining its initial use case as a “decentralized dark pool.”Zhang himself has existing experience in the cryptocurrency space, having also co-founded crypto hedge fund Virgil Capital. Prior to that, Zhang co-founded Neucode, a software and web development startup, in 2014. Jaz Gulati, Neucode’s other co-founder, now works as a software developer for Ren. Ren is a complex platform with multiple use cases, but it is ultimately designed to overcome barriers to entry and investment for DeFi projects.As a plug-in, it allows DeFi projects to bring foreign cryptocurrency assets such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Zcash (ZEC) to their offerings. More broadly, users can in essence swap any token between any two blockchains without middle steps such as using so-called “wrapped” versions of tokens, for example Wrapped Bitcoin (WBTC) and Wrapped Ethereum (WETH).RenVM is a network of virtual computers making up a virtual machine. The machines powering the network which makes up RenVM are called Darknodes.Ren charges various fees for internal operations, but most do not go towards direct profitability, instead being paid to miners. As an ERC-20 token, REN also attracts varying gas fees to power transactions.Find out more about Chainlink here.Find out more about Cosmos here.New to cryptocurrency? Find all the answers you’re looking for with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.Check out Alexandria’s Deep Dive Into RenVN.REN has a fixed supply cap of 1 billion (1,000,000,000) tokens. Ren conducted a presale and public token sale in 2018, during which a total of 60.2% of the supply was sold to investors. Ren has a reserve fund which was originally allocated 19.9% of the total supply, while another 9.9% was allocated internally to advisors, the team and its founders. Team tokens came with a two-year lock-up period, with a six-month lock-up for advisor allocations.Another 10% of the REN supply is specifically intended for activities such as partnerships and development.REN is an ERC-20 standard token.RenVM is a byzantine fault-tolerant protocol that facilitates ECDSA threshold key generation and signing via secure mutli-party computation (sMPC). This allows RenVM to securely manage (ECDSA) private keys on different blockchains, making it possible to shift tokens between these blockchains (i.e interoperability).The network is currently in phase sub-zero in its pathway to decentralization, for more information on RenVM’s pathway to decentralization, please refer to Ren’s WikiREN is a freely-tradable token and has a presence on various major exchanges. Of these, Binance and Huobi Global have the largest volume as of October 2020. Pairs include cryptocurrency, fiat and stablecoins.Crypto newbie? Read our easy guide to buying Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://renproject.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/renproject', 'whitepaper': 'https://renproject.io/litepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['renproject.io', 'https://t.me/renproject', 'https://t.me/renprojectann'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'eth.tokenview.com', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/renprotocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/renproject'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'DeFi', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Huobi Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 115, 'name': 'IOST', 'symbol': 'IOST', 'id': '2405', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/iostoken/', 'slug': 'iostoken', 'max_supply': '90,000,000,000', 'about': 'IOST describes itself as an “ultra-fast,” fully fledged and decentralized blockchain network and ecosystem with its own nodes, wallets and based on the “next-generation” consensus protocol dubbed “proof-of-believability.” The project was launched in January 2018 by Jimmy Zhong, Terrence Wang, Justin Li, Ray Xiao, Sa Wang and Kevin Tan.Zhong has founded other tech startups in the U.S. and China. During his university days, he sold his first company for $40 million — a marketplace where students could exchange class notes. After that, he returned to Beijing and co-founded IOST, among other projects.Wang’s previous experience includes serving as an Uber software engineer. He holds a degree in computer science from the University of Minnesota and a masters in computer science from Princeton University.Li previously worked as an investment banking associate at Goldman Sachs and a data scientist at Mobike. He graduated with a degree in applied mathematics and computer science. Meanwhile, Tan was a co-founder at Ethercap, while he received a degree in computer science from Tsinghua University.Xiao co-founded Dora — alongside Jimmy and Sa — an AI company focused on intelligent kiosks. He studied computer science and quantitative economics at university.IOST’s blockchain infrastructure is open-source and designed to be secure and scalable — all in the hope that it will serve as the backbone for online services in the future.The team have developed a “proof-of-believability” consensus algorithm to ensure transactions on the network are secure and efficient.One of the biggest challenges that IOST aims to resolve centers on how big companies may not be able to embrace blockchains in a customer-facing environment unless they are scalable. The Internet of Services Token is put forward as a way of tackling this problem.To understand IOST, the best way to do it is by comparing it to its nearest competitors: Ethereum is the most popular smart contract platform for developers. It can also be compared to EOS and TRON, which are highly scalable smart contract platforms with high usage.The largest difference between IOST and its competitors is how it claims it can process up to 100,000 transactions per second compared with Ethereum’s 20, Tron’s 2,000 and EOS’s 4,000. In order to reach these transaction speeds, the IOST team has created a novel blockchain architecture, which introduces and combines several innovations including a Distributed Randomness Protocol, Efficient Distributed Sharding, TransEpoch, Atomix, Proof-of-Believability and Micro State Blocks.Learn more about cryptocurrencies.Stay up-to-date with the latest crypto headlines.Subscribe to the CoinMarketCap newsletter.IOST has a total token supply of 21 billion. An ICO was held in January 2018 where 40% were sold, raising about $31.3 million worth of ETH at the time. As for the remainder, 35% has been retained by the IOST Foundation, 12.5% was allocated to building the community, 10% went to the IOST team and 2.5% was dedicated to investors and advisors.In order to compete with hundreds of niche blockchains, IOST relies heavily on its proof-of-believability protocol (PoB) and efficient distributed sharding (EDS) to improve the scalability and security of its blockchain. IOST is built for enterprise use, so it claims to be able to handle heavy loads produced by big tech companies such as Amazon, Google and Facebook. Partnerships appear to be key for the project’s success.IOST can be bought at many exchanges such as Bittrex, CoinEx, Livecoin, Binance and Bitrue. Read more here about how to buy Bitcoin.', 'website': 'http://iost.io/', 'other_links': ['iost.io', 'https://t.me/officialios'], 'explorers': ['www.iostabc.com', 'iost.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/IOST_Official', 'https://reddit.com/r/IOStoken'], 'property': ['Hardware', 'IoT', 'Huobi Capital']} ,
{'rank': 116, 'name': 'WazirX', 'symbol': 'WRX', 'id': '5161', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/wazirx/', 'slug': 'wazirx', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Launched in 2018, WazirX claims to be India's fastest growing cryptocurrency exchange with over 400,000 users, with an average app rating of 4.6. WazirX is a part of the Binance ecosystem. WazirX and Binance have launched a $50 Million USD ‘Blockchain For India’ fund. The exchange is available for the global audience, and key features include:WRX is the utility token of WazirX. WRX token is based on the Binance blockchain. Its total supply is 1 Billion. The token holders will be rewarded with various benefits on the trading exchange like trading fee discounts, WRX trade mining, token airdrop, margin fee, and more. WRX and WRX are backed by Indian entrepreneurs with over 10 years of experience in building and scaling global products out of India. WazirX was also acquired by Binance in November 2019. The goal of WazirX is to make crypto accessible to everyone in India.", 'website': 'https://wazirx.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://download.wazirx.com/wrx/wrx-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['wazirx.com'], 'explorers': ['explorer.binance.org', 'explorer-mainnet.maticvigil.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/wazirxindia'], 'property': ['Binance Launchpad']} ,
{'rank': 117, 'name': 'MaidSafeCoin', 'symbol': 'MAID', 'id': '291', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/maidsafecoin/', 'slug': 'maidsafecoin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'MaidSafeCoin (MAID) was launched in February 2006. It is a project that aims to decentralize the Internet. According to the developers, its concept predates Bitcoin (BTC) by several years.The SAFE network works similarly to the TOR network, meaning that all online content is distributed and accessed through a peer-to-peer (P2P) mesh network.MaidSafeCoin is a token for SafeCoin, a decentralized currency for the decentralized SAFE network, which is maintained by the users’ extra hard disk space, processing power and data connectivity level.MaidSafeCoin was founded by David Irvine.Irvine was also the CEO of Ayrsoft Ltd, Alba Networks and worked as a consultant at Ayrshire Business Consulting Ltd.MaidSafe offers fully encrypted data storage and file sharing, the ability to use the network anonymously, censorship-resistant communication, serverless data and a scalable cryptocurrency with zero transaction fees. The SAFE Network was designed to be secure, fully autonomous, data-centric and peer-to-peer to work as an alternative to the current client-server model. The network is primarily used by two types of members: clients and farmers.The clients use the features of the network, including browsing, storing data and transferring money, while the farmers store and maintain the data in exchange for a monetary reward. Learn about the SandBox.Learn about Arweave.Learn how to use CoinMarketCap on CMC Alexandria.Expand your knowledge of cryptocurrencies with the CoinMarketCap blog.MaidSafeCoin (MAID) has a circulating supply of 452,552,412 coins, while maximum supply data is not available as of February 2021.The SAFE network is an encrypted layer that is built on top of the current Internet and allows for autonomous data storage and networking by replacing three of the OSI networking layers.When you transfer a file to the network, such as a photo, it is broken down into pieces (shards), hashed and fully encrypted. This data is then randomly distributed across the network, and redundant copies of the data are created so that if someone storing parts of your file turns off their computer, you can still access it from somewhere else on the network.In addition, due to the fact that no node on the network stores your file in its entirety, they cannot fully read it, adding an extra level of security. The network automatically creates extra copies of the data that’s in high demand so that the more popular websites can be accessed from a larger number of nodes, further speeding up the system.SAFE’s hash function is able to fully map any piece of data to 256-bit strings of characters, and the network can perform the XOR operation on the hash value in order to randomly create a unique distance to any other piece of data. This is not physical distance but a mathematical distance between two numbers. MaidSafeCoin is opposed to centralized storage, so it provides a solution in the form of vaults. The vault software can connect you to the SAFE network and save the distributed pieces of data on your computer. The people that run the vault software are known as farmers. You can voluntarily become a farmer by notifying the network, which then sends you a proof-of-resource request to check your bandwidth and CPU power.If you are interested in buying, selling, or trading MaidSafeCoin (MAID), you can do so on the following exchanges:If you are new to the world of cryptocurrencies and are interested in learning how to buy Bitcoin, read our official blog post here.', 'website': 'http://omniexplorer.info/asset/3', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/maidsafe', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/maidsafe/Whitepapers/blob/master/Project-Safe.md', 'other_links': ['safenetwork.tech', 'maidsafe.net'], 'explorers': ['omniexplorer.info'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'safenetforum.org', 'https://twitter.com/maidsafe', 'https://reddit.com/r/safenetwork'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Distributed Computing', 'Filesharing', 'Storage']} ,
{'rank': 118, 'name': 'Lisk', 'symbol': 'LSK', 'id': '1214', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/lisk/', 'slug': 'lisk', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Lisk is a blockchain application platform aiming to create an accessible future where everyone can benefit from decentralized technology. Lisk enables developers to build applications as well as deploy a side-chain linked to the Lisk network that includes a custom token. Lisk empowers developers with a software development kit for blockchain applications and is working on an interoperability solution that will in turn let everyone seamlessly use it on the platform. Lisk’s ICO launched on May 24, 2016 and was built through JavaScript and TypeScript. Its main products are Core, SDK, Desktop and Mobile. With a team size of 30, it has a development contractor known as Lightcurve GmbH. The company is based in Zug, Switzerland and it is a non-profit foundation. The founders of Lisk are Max Kordek and Oliver Beddows, who started the project in 2017. Max Kordek is the president of Lisk and is responsible for the strategy and business of Lisk. He is also the co-founder and director of Lightcurve, and is responsible for strategy and business there as well. Lightcurve is a blockchain product development studio and consultancy with a special focus on marketing, coding and support. The most important client is Lisk, where Lightcurve is developing the ecosystem and plays a huge role.Oliver Beddows is the vice president of Lisk and is the director of Lightcurve.Both of them specialize in decentralized applications, Bitcoin and blockchain consulting, startup consulting, UI/UX consulting and community management. Imagine a world where just about anyone can benefit from using blockchain technology. With that idea in mind, the Lisk foundation targeted one very specific goal, and that is to inspire blockchain developers and enthusiasts from all around the globe. Lisk is a decentralized network, similar to BitShares, Nxt or Bitcoin.However, Lisk does not utilize proof-of-work like Bitcoin does, and instead uses a simplified implementation of BitShares’ original consensus algorithm that is known as delegated proof-of-stake. Every LSK holder can vote for mainchain delegates that are securing the network itself. There are 101 active mainchain delegates that always get the highest votes, and they can earn block generation rewards. All other delegates are on standby waiting to become elected or secure a Lisk sidechain. Lisk is also a cryptocurrency called LSK and it is also a framework known as the Lisk LSK SDK. You can use it to deploy your own sidechains and develop blockchain applications on top of them.Find out about Band Protocol.Lisk is priced at $1.39 USD and has a trading volume of $18,935,216 USD. When it comes to its rank, it is at #115 with a cap of $177,206,064 USD.When it comes to Lisk’s circulating supply, it is 127,184,283 LSK coins with a total supply of 143,119,521 LSK coins. The maximum supply is unavailable.This data is as of February 2021.The Lisk Network is operated using a highly efficient delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS) consensus model that is secured by democratically elected delegates.The delegated proof-of-stake is a consensus protocol that provides dependable verification and approval of transactions in a blockchain.It essentially allows blockchains to change network parameters and free schedules, transaction sizes and block intervals, all of which does not create a hard fork, assuming the elected delegates do not vote for this kind of change.In line with the high-security standard, Lisk also implements an external security audit that is conducted by Least Authority of Lisk SDK 5.0.0 and the Lisk Core 3.0.0. This includes work completed as part of the Network Longevity phase of the roadmap. Lisk coins can be purchased, traded and sold on the following exchanges:UpbitHitbtcBittrex.If you are interested in purchasing LSK, here’s a step-by-step guide that can teach you everything you need to know about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://lisk.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/LiskHQ/', 'whitepaper': 'https://lisk.com/documentation/home', 'other_links': ['lisk.com', 'https://lisk.chat/'], 'explorers': ['explorer.lisk.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'blog.lisk.com', 'https://twitter.com/LiskHQ', 'https://reddit.com/r/lisk'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Smart Contracts']} ,
{'rank': 119, 'name': 'Nervos Network', 'symbol': 'CKB', 'id': '4948', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/nervos-network/', 'slug': 'nervos-network', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'http://nervos.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/nervosnetwork', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/nervosnetwork/rfcs/blob/master/rfcs/0002-ckb/0002-ckb.md', 'other_links': ['nervos.org', 'https://t.me/nervosnetwork', 'https://talk.nervos.org/'], 'explorers': ['explorer.nervos.org', 'ckb.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'talk.nervos.org', 'https://twitter.com/nervosnetwork', 'https://reddit.com/r/NervosNetwork'], 'property': ['Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', 'Huobi Capital', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 120, 'name': 'Kyber Network Crystal Legacy', 'symbol': 'KNC', 'id': '1982', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/kyber-network-crystal-legacy/', 'slug': 'kyber-network-crystal-legacy', 'max_supply': '226,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://kyber.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/kybernetwork', 'whitepaper': 'https://files.kyber.network/Kyber_Protocol_22_April_v0.1.pdf', 'other_links': ['kyber.network', 'https://t.me/kybernetwork', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/NfFMVz6'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/kybernetwork', 'https://reddit.com/r/kybernetwork'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'DAO', 'AMM', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Governance', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'ParaFi capital']} ,
{'rank': 121, 'name': 'Reserve Rights', 'symbol': 'RSR', 'id': '3964', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/reserve-rights/', 'slug': 'reserve-rights', 'max_supply': '100,000,000,000', 'about': 'Reserve Rights is a dual-token stablecoin platform that was launched in May 2019 following a successful initial exchange offering (IEO) on the Huobi Prime platform. Reserve Rights’ dual token setup includes a stablecoin known as the Reserve stablecoin (RSV) — which is backed by a basket of assets managed by smart contracts. The second token is the Reserve Rights token (RSR), which is used to keep the RSV stable at its $1.00 price target through a system of arbitrage opportunities.Unlike RSV, the Reserve Rights (RSR) token is volatile, and its main purpose is to help maintain the stability of RSV. It can also be used to vote on governance proposals — helping holders shape the future of the Reserve Rights ecosystem. In the later stages of the project, Reserve Rights plans to back the Reserve stablecoin by an increasingly diverse basket of assets, and eventually move it away from the U.S. dollar peg — instead creating an alternative reserve asset where RSV tokens instead represent fractional ownership of the collateral pool. Reserve Rights was co-founded by Nevin Freeman and Matt Elder. Freeman is Reserve\'s CEO and a seasoned entrepreneur. He describes his life goal as "solving the coordination problems that are stopping humanity from achieving its potential." Matt Elder, on the other hand, is an experienced engineer who previously worked for Google and Quixey, and now works to oversee the architecture of the Reserve protocol implementation as the project’s CTO.Since its launch in 2019, the Reserve team has grown considerably, and now includes more than two dozen individuals, which includes engineers, developers, and legal and compliance staff — all unified under the shared ambition to position Reserve as an open, massively scalable stablecoin that promotes economic prosperity.Unlike other stablecoins that are typically backed by U.S. dollars (USD) held in reserve in a bank account controlled by the stablecoin issuer or a trusted custodian, Reserve stablecoins are backed by a basket of cryptocurrencies managed by smart contracts. This basket initially consists of Ethereum stablecoin assets, including USD Coin (USDC), True USD (TUSD) and Paxos (PAX), but there are plans to later transition to a more diverse basket, which might eventually include fiat currencies, securities, commodities and complex asset types, like synthetics and derivatives.Arguably Reserve\'s major defining feature is its Reserve Rights token, which is minted and sold when the RSV stablecoin loses its peg with the U.S. dollar. The funds generated by selling RSR tokens are used to replenish the RSV collateral pool, whereas when RSV is valued at above $1, the additional collateral will be used to purchase and burn RSR from the secondary market, driving down the supply. Arbitrageurs can benefit from this mechanism when RSV is valued at above $1.00, by buying RSV at $1.00 from the Reserve smart contract using RSR, and then selling it at the current market price to net the difference as profit. This option is only available to RSR holders, and is currently one of the main drivers for holding RSR tokens. Read about DAI — a similar stablecoin backed by a basket of assets.Read about Libra — an upcoming basket-backed stablecoin from Facebook.Stuck on an unfamiliar term? Find out its meaning on the CoinMarketCap Glossary.Check out the CoinMarketCap blog to discover the latest insights and tools to help you stay on top of the market. Reserve Rights has a fixed supply of 100 billion tokens. Out of this, less than 10% are currently in circulation as of October 2020. The maximum token supply has already been pre-mined, but a large proportion is locked for various reasons, including 55.75% of the supply locked in a smart contract known as the "slow wallet.” Funds from this wallet are released following a one-month delay with a public on-chain message from the Reserve team explaining the purpose of the withdrawal. Although RSR has a fixed supply of 100 billion tokens while on Ethereum, the Reserve team has stated that this maximum supply might change once Reserve moves to its mainnet — an event currently slated to occur in 2020. The Reserve Rights token initially launched with a circulating supply of 6.85 billion tokens, of which 3% were distributed to Huobi Prime IEO participants, 2.85% released as project tokens and 1% to private investors. All team, advisor, partner, and seed investor tokens will remain locked until after the mainnet is launched.Reserve Rights is currently an ERC-20 token based on the Ethereum blockchain. As a result, it is secured against attacks by a robust proof-of-work (POW) consensus mechanism backed by a network of thousands of Ethereum miners. Reserve Rights is scheduled to migrate to its mainnet in 2020. As of October 2020, Reserve has not yet announced which consensus mechanism the new blockchain will use to secure the network. Reserve Rights (RSR) is a popular token that currently maintains excellent liquidity. It is available to purchase and trade on several of the most well-established cryptocurrency exchange platforms, including Binance, Huobi Global and OKEx, and can be traded against various popular cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin (BTC), Tether (USDT) and Ethereum (ETH), as well as the U.S. dollar (USD) on multiple platforms. To get started, consider buying Bitcoin with your credit or debit card. You can then exchange this for Reserve Rights tokens on various exchanges.', 'website': 'https://reserve.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/reserve-protocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://reserve.org/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['reserve.org', 'https://t.me/reservecurrency'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/reserveprotocol'], 'property': ['Store of Value', 'DeFi', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'DCG Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 122, 'name': 'Loopring', 'symbol': 'LRC', 'id': '1934', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/loopring/', 'slug': 'loopring', 'max_supply': '1,374,513,896', 'about': 'LRC is the Ethereum-based cryptocurrency token of Loopring, an open protocol designed for the building of decentralized crypto exchanges.In 2020, the average daily trading volume of the entire cryptocurrency market fluctuated in the approximate range of $50-$200 million. Most of that trading is conducted on centralized cryptocurrency exchanges — online platforms operated by private companies that store users’ funds and facilitate the matching of buy and sell orders.Such platforms have a number of downsides common to all of them, so a new type of exchange — decentralized— has emerged to try to alleviate these disadvantages. However, fully decentralized exchanges are not without their own flaws.Loopring’s purported goal is to combine centralized order matching with decentralized on-blockchain order settlement into a hybridized product that will take the best aspects of both centralized and decentralized exchanges.LRC tokens became available to the public during an initial coin offering (ICO) in August 2017, while the Loopring protocol was first deployed on Ethereum mainnet in December 2019.The founder and current CEO of Loopring Foundation, which manages the development of Loopring protocol, is Daniel Wang, a software engineer and entrepreneur based in Shanghai, China.Wang has a bachelor’s degree in computer science from the University of Science and Technology of China, as well as a master’s degree in the same field from Arizona State University.Prior to starting work on Loopring, Wang has held multiple managerial and executive positions in major tech companies: he was a lead software engineer at the medical device manufacturer Boston Scientific, the senior director of engineering, search, recommendation and ads system at the Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com, as well as a tech lead and senior software engineer at Google.Wang has also co-founded several companies: Yunrang (Beijing) Information Technology Ltd. and the cryptocurrency services firm Coinport Technology Ltd.The main idea behind Loopring is to combine elements of centralized and decentralized cryptocurrency exchanges to create a protocol that will enjoy their unique advantages and eliminate inefficiencies.Centralized exchanges are currently the main mode of operation for crypto trading services. While highly popular and convenient, using a centralized exchange carries a number of risks, the chief of which is their custodial nature. Because these exchanges hold users’ funds for them between the points of depositing and withdrawing, those funds come under the risk of being partially or fully lost due to potential hacker attacks, malicious actors inside the exchange or regulatory intervention.Another major problem for centralized exchanges is the lack of transparency: the fact that trades are not settled on the blockchain, but rather stored in the exchange’s internal records makes possible price manipulation by the exchange and allows it to use user funds for unauthorized purposes while in custody.In order to eliminate these problems, a new type of trading service has emerged in recent years: a decentralized crypto exchange (DEX). Instead of holding user funds in custody and processing trades internally, it helps buy and sell orders connect directly with each other and settle trades on a public blockchain. While removing the custodial and transparency risks, DEXs introduce disadvantages of their own: mainly, lower efficiency (when compared to centralized alternatives) associated with the limited capabilities of the underlying blockchains and fragmented liquidity.Loopring protocol seeks to keep the advantages of decentralized exchanges while reducing or eliminating their inefficiencies via innovative hybrid solutions. Through managing orders in a centralized manner but settling the trades on-blockchain, and combining up to 16 orders into circular trades instead of allowing strictly one vs. one trading pairs, Loopring expects to increase the efficiency of order execution, as well as enhance the liquidity of DEXs.Loopring is a part of the decentralized finance (DeFi) industry — read more about it at CoinMarketCap AlexandriaCurious about crypto? Learn how to buy Bitcoin here.The issuance of LRC tokens is governed by the smart contracts that comprise the Loopring Protocol.The primary way of earning LRC is via so-called ring mining: in order to improve the liquidity of the Loopring network, the orders in it are not matched strictly as pairs of two cryptocurrencies. Instead, the protocol can mix and match up to 16 orders for different cryptocurrencies in a circular trade, called an order ring.Nodes on the Loopring network are rewarded in LRC tokens for combining individual orders into order rings, maintaining public order books and trade history, and in some cases broadcasting orders to other relays.Loopring is operable on Ethereum and Neo blockchains with plans to add support for the Qtum blockchain. Each of these networks has its own token: LRC and LRN for Ethereum and Neo respectively; when launched, the Qtum network token will be called LRQ.These tokens are secured by the hash functions of their underlying blockchain platforms: LRC by Ethereum’s Ethash, LRN by Neo’s SHA256 and RIPEMD160 and LRQ by Qtum’s proof-of-stake PoSv3 algorithm.LRC is available on many exchanges, some of the major and most trusted ones are:', 'website': 'https://loopring.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/loopring', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/Loopring/protocols/blob/master/packages/loopring_v3/DESIGN.md', 'other_links': ['loopring.org', 'https://t.me/loopring_en', 'https://discord.gg/KkYccYp'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/loopringorg', 'https://reddit.com/r/loopringorg'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 123, 'name': 'Golem', 'symbol': 'GLM', 'id': '1455', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/golem-network-tokens/', 'slug': 'golem-network-tokens', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://golem.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/golemfactory/golem', 'whitepaper': 'https://golem.network/doc/Golemwhitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['golem.network'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'blog.golemproject.net', 'https://twitter.com/golemproject', 'https://reddit.com/r/GolemProject'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Distributed Computing', 'Payments', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 124, 'name': 'WINkLink', 'symbol': 'WIN', 'id': '4206', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/wink/', 'slug': 'wink', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://winklink.org/', 'whitepaper': 'https://winklink.org/WinkLink%20white%20paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['winklink.org', 'https://t.me/WINkLink_Oracle_official'], 'explorers': ['tronscan.org'], 'community': ['winklink-oracle.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/WinkLink_Oracle', 'https://reddit.com/r/WIN_Wink'], 'property': ['Binance Launchpad', 'Binance Labs Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 125, 'name': 'Kava.io', 'symbol': 'KAVA', 'id': '4846', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/kava/', 'slug': 'kava', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.kava.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/kava-labs', 'whitepaper': 'https://docsend.com/view/gwbwpc3', 'other_links': ['www.kava.io', 'https://t.me/kavalabs'], 'explorers': ['www.mintscan.io', 'kava.bigdipper.live', 'explorer.binance.org', 'kavascan.com', 'hubble.figment.network'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/kava_labs'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem', 'DeFi', 'Binance Launchpad', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Lending / Borrowing', 'Framework Ventures', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 126, 'name': 'Gnosis', 'symbol': 'GNO', 'id': '1659', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/gnosis-gno/', 'slug': 'gnosis-gno', 'max_supply': '10,000,000', 'about': 'Started in 2015, Gnosis is a decentralized prediction market built on the Ethereum protocol. Third-party developers will also be able to introduce their own services. A prediction market utilizes user predictions to aggregate information about future events, Individuals will be able to create prediction markets for events, allowing users to buy shares of predicted events. The platform employs a dual token structure: Gnosis (GNO) and OWL. GNO are ERC-20 tokens that the team sold during their ICO. OWL tokens are earned by staking GNO. The amount of OWL received is dependent on the length of the lock period as well as the total supply of OWL tokens in the market. The team is led by Martin Köppelmann (CEO), Stefan George (CTO), and Dr. Friederike Ernst (COO).', 'website': 'https://gnosis.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/gnosis/research/blob/master/gnosis-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['gnosis.io', 'https://chat.gnosis.io'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.gnosis.io', 'blog.gnosis.io', 'https://twitter.com/gnosisPM', 'https://reddit.com/r/gnosisPM'], 'property': ['Services', 'Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Prediction Markets', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 127, 'name': 'Ocean Protocol', 'symbol': 'OCEAN', 'id': '3911', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ocean-protocol/', 'slug': 'ocean-protocol', 'max_supply': '1,410,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://oceanprotocol.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/oceanprotocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://oceanprotocol.com/tech-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['oceanprotocol.com', 'https://t.me/OceanProtocol_Community', 'https://t.me/oceanprotocol'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['blog.oceanprotocol.com', 'https://twitter.com/oceanprotocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/oceanprotocol'], 'property': ['Platform', 'AI & Big Data', 'DeFi', 'Filesharing', 'Substrate', 'Storage', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'DCG Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 128, 'name': 'GateToken', 'symbol': 'GT', 'id': '4269', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/gatetoken/', 'slug': 'gatetoken', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://gatechain.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/gatechain', 'other_links': ['gatechain.io'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/gatechain_io'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Centralized exchange', 'Discount token']} ,
{'rank': 129, 'name': 'Wootrade', 'symbol': 'WOO', 'id': '7501', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/wootrade/', 'slug': 'wootrade', 'max_supply': '3,000,000,000', 'about': 'Wootrade is a layer one trading infrastructure complete with deep liquidity, frontend trading GUI, and the ability to integrate into any exchange, trading desk, wallet, dApp, or other trading-related platform. Wootrade is able to leverage rebates from high volume institutional traders and market makers, giving the retail traders and B2B clients high-depth, zero-fee trading.WOO is the native token that is used for:Wootrade launched its mainnet on October 30, 2020 with 3 billion WOO tokens created at genesis. 20% was sold at private sale with vesting between six months and two years. 20% is reserved for the team, with vesting between six months and four years. 5% is reserved for advisors, vested over 4 years. 50% of the supply is reserved for ecosystem rewards. Wootrade was incubated by Kronos Research, a leading quant trading firm responsible for between $1 billion and $2 billion in trading volume per day.Co-Founder’s Jack Tan and Mark Pimentel turned a 2-man team in 2018 into more than 60 employees in 3 cities. Jack started trading equities at age 14 and has worked at BNP Paribas and Deutsche Bank for more than a decade after graduating from Carnegie Mellon University. Mark is a pioneer of decentralized technologies, having penned the first whitepaper on a decentralized derivatives exchanges in early 2017 where users could freely list any contracts for trading. After completing his bachelors and masters in Computer Engineering at CMU, Mark started his career in Citadel Investment Group’s High Frequency Trading unit in 2006, which made $892M in 2007 and $1.15B in 2008. Next Mark went on to lead Knight Capital’s electronic market development group, now part of Virtu where Mark’s team operated the largest dark pool in the United States and Europe during that time.CTO Terence Wu has 15+ years of trading system development experience having worked at technology firms. Terence was responsible for HSBC equity derivatives trading and market-making system infrastructure build out. Terence is a graduate of HKUST with a degree in Computer Engineering.WOO is available for trading on a growing number of partner exchanges, including Huobi Global, MXC, Hoo.com, Gate.io, Bitmart, Bilaxy, Uniswap, and DODO. New to cryptocurrency? Read CoinMarketCap’s easy guide to buying Bitcoin or any other token.', 'website': 'https://t.me/wootrade', 'whitepaper': 'https://woo.network/Litepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['woo.network', 'woo.network/token', 'https://t.me/wootrade'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'hecoinfo.com', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'woo.network', 'https://twitter.com/wootraderS'], 'property': ['Centralized exchange', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 130, 'name': 'Status', 'symbol': 'SNT', 'id': '1759', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/status/', 'slug': 'status', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Status is categorized as a mobile and desktop operating system and decentralized browser that incorporates a messaging system. As such, Status allows you to interact with a network at any time, from anywhere. It was originally released in June in 2017.It is a light client Ethereum node, and has the ability to give you access to all Ethereum decentralized applications (otherwise known as DApps) from an app that is installed on your mobile phone or tablet. This means that users can send encrypted messages as well as access decentralized applications, including a cryptocurrency wallet.The Status network as a whole was founded by Carl Bennetts and Jarrad Hope. Both of them ran a software distribution company prior.They had a previous work relationship of over six years on various projects, and three of those years were committed to operating a software distribution network, which drove over 20 million installs throughout many software offerings. All of the profits were used to fund their future projects. During this time they were in a unique position to see how personal data on the internet is bought and sold, and how users are acquired and retained as a result..Status, or SNT, is an open-source messaging platform as well as a mobile interface. This interface allows its users to interact with DApps running on the ETH blockchain. In return, users get over 2,000 DApps, can send and receive encrypted messages on a peer-to-peer basis and can make payments as well as utilize smart contracts. The network itself uses Status Network Tokens, or SNT, that are the native currency on the platform. The goal of Status is to make the adoption of Ethereum DApps quicker and more efficient.There is also a users-as-stakeholders network that allows the behavior of the network and its software to become aligned with the interests of a specific user. The contributors conduct research on a crypto economic model, and peer-to-peer technologies can ensure a healthy Status Network.Find out more about Maker (MKR).Find out more about Compound (COMP).Learn about cryptocurrency with CMC Alexandria.Stay up to date always with the CoinMarketCap Blog.The current circulating supply of Status or SNT is at 3,470,483,788 SNT with no maximum supply available. When it comes to the market cap, it is approx. $187,525,492 USD as of February 2021. SNT is an ERC-20 token that is used to access and power decentralized services in the Status Network. It is an open source project that anyone can use to their specific needs and is verified by the Messari Disclosures Registry. When it comes to the Status network as a whole, it has a main goal of being a truly decentralized communication tool that over time can remove all third parties and minimize any attack vectors for malicious actors. Messages are not blocked or censored, and they are pseudo-anonymous when the user chooses this as an option. You can send, store and receive cryptocurrencies and tokens within the Status wallet, as the private keys are never exposed. You browse through Web3, where the end user data and browsing information is not accessed by any third parties. The user’s identity in Status starts with a locally generated cryptographic keypair, which is protected with a password. Status also uses the Waku protocol for peer-to-peer or P2P communication, and Waku itself relies on a network of peers to route the messages to each other. It has end-to-end encryption by default, and perfect forward secrecy which is built on the X3DH and Double Ratchet specifications from Open Whisper Systems. The cryptocurrency is stored on a non-custodial wallet, and there's a signing phrase to protect from any phishing attacks.The Status Network Token is a modular utility token that fuels the network as a whole. It is free to use and communicate with, however, you do need SNT to access features of the Status Mobile Ethereum Client.The top crypto exchanges for buying, selling and trading of Status (SNT) include:BittrexOKExZG.comBiONEUpbit, andBithumbHere’s a step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.", 'website': 'http://status.im/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/status-im', 'whitepaper': 'https://status.im/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['status.im', 'https://join.status.im/status'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/ethstatus', 'https://reddit.com/r/statusim'], 'property': ['Media', 'Content Creation', 'Privacy', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 131, 'name': 'VeThor Token', 'symbol': 'VTHO', 'id': '3012', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/vethor-token/', 'slug': 'vethor-token', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'VeThor Token is one of the two tokens employed by the VeChainThor public blockchain. VeChain was initially launched in 2015, but it went through a heavy rebranding process in 2018. While VeChain Token (VET) is the native token for the platform, VeThor Token (VTHO) plays an essential role in the overall functionality of the blockchain.The VeThor Token is a VIP-180 Standard token, which represents the cost of using the VeChainThor blockchain. Its primary purpose is to facilitate processes and transactions on the blockchain, and it essentially represents the smart contract layer of the network. Sunny Lu is the founder and CEO of VeChain. His professional career took several big turns. In 2009, Sunny Lu took a position as the IT Manager of Bacardi China. One year later, he turned his attention to the world of fashion, becoming the chief technical officer for Louis Vuitton China. In 2014, he switched over to the IT sector of the company, becoming the CIO of the Chinese division. A year later, in 2015, the idea for VeChain was born, and Sunny Lu founded the company. At first, VeChain was a subsidiary of one of the largest powerhouses in China’s blockchain industry — Bitse. Later on, Sunny Lu separated from Bitse, and VeChain became an enterprise of its own. In 2018, the company went through a significant rebranding process, which resulted in creating the VeChainThor blockchain and the VeThor token. VeThor Token (VTHO) is unique due to the fact that it is a VIP-180 Standard token. While VeChain Token (VET) performs as the primary value-transfer token, VTHO is an inseparable part of the operation of VeChainThor. The bi-token design of the blockchain allows traders to participate with both tokens, thus diversifying their involvement with the project. The VeChainThor blockchain boasts increased processing speeds, and an open source design, allowing developers to pool together their efforts. In addition, VeChainThor developed meta-transaction features which allow participants to organize multi-party payments and multi-task transactions. This versatility allows enterprise users of all levels to benefit from blockchain capabilities. In addition, the VeChainThor network benefits from the dual token design, as transactions and smart contracts are executed thanks to the VTHO token, which is not directly related to the market value of VET. Find out more about Wabi.Check out SUN.Learn more about the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.What is interesting about the VTHO token is that it is directly derived from the VET token. In order for transactions to be processed on the VeChainThor blockchain, a part of a VTHO token is created for every VET token added to the block. In essence, this means that 0.00000005VTHO is generated per VET per block.The maximum VET supply is 86,712,634,466 tokens. Of this, about 74% represents the currently available supply, or close to 64,315,576,989. The VTHO supply is significantly lower at 31,946,532,533 tokens. The VeChainThor network relies on a proof-of-authority (PoA) consensus mechanism, which allows it to validate transactions more swiftly. Not only that, the foundation of the blockchain is heavily influenced by the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EMV), and uses some of the main concepts employed by the Ethereum blockchain. VeChainThor is not built on Ethereum, but is its own separate blockchain. The PoA consensus relies on approval from an Authority Masternode (AM), which is selected by the VeChain Foundation. Authority Masternodes have to disclose their identity and build their reputation before the VeChain Foundation approves them as a validator. Both VET and VTHO tokens are a special class of ERC-20 coins, which means they are versatile and can be stored in a number of hot and cold cryptocurrency wallets. Binance is the exchange with the largest trading volume of VTHO/USD, standing at $1,016,992. Next up are MXC.COM with a trading volume of $986,646, and Bitvavo with a trading volume of $365,399. It is important to note that trading cryptocurrencies can be risky, just like any other type of investment.Read more about trading crypto.', 'website': 'https://www.vechain.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/vechain/thor', 'other_links': ['www.vechain.org', 'https://t.me/vechain_official_english'], 'explorers': ['explore.vechain.org', 'vechainstats.com', 'www.vescan.io', 'explorer.vtho.net'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/vechainofficial', 'https://reddit.com/r/Vechain']} ,
{'rank': 132, 'name': 'Gemini Dollar', 'symbol': 'GUSD', 'id': '3306', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/gemini-dollar/', 'slug': 'gemini-dollar', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'The Gemini Trust Company (Gemini) is a digital currency exchange and custodian that allows you to buy, sell and store digital assets, founded in February of 2014. The GUSD is created by the cryptocurrency exchange Gemini. The company received approval from the New York Department of Financial Services or NYDFS to launch the stablecoin in September of 2018. It is regarded as one of the first stablecoin, much like Paxos. The Gemini Trust Company holds USD deposits that correspond to the number of tokens that are in circulation. When it comes to the Gemini Dollar itself, it is an ERC-20 token that is built on the Ethereum network and has smart contracts that are audited by the security company Trail of Bits Inc. This dollar is intended to bridge the divide between traditional finance and the crypto industry, due to the fact that this specific stablecoin is completely regulated by the NYDFS.The founders of the Gemini Dollar (GUSD) are Tyler Winklevoss and Cameron Winklevoss.Tyler Winklevoss is the co-founder and CEO at Gemini, as well as the president of WinkDex and the co-founder of Winkevoss Capital. Tyler Winklevoss is also an advisor at Rowing Blazers.Cameron Winklevoss is the co-founder and president at Gemini, as well as the CEO of WinkDex and the co-founder of Winkevoss Capital. Cameron Winklevoss is also an advisor at Rowing Blazers.They both graduated at Harvard University with a Bachelor of Economics in 2004 and got a Master of Business Administration (MBA) at the University of Oxford Saïd Business School.The Gemini Dollar is the first U.S. dollar-backed stablecoin to get backing from a U.S. regulatory body. It is an ERC-20 token that is built on Ethereum. The Gemini Dollar differentiates from Bitcoin and other traditional cryptocurrencies in the way that it is able to maintain a steady value. This is unlike Bitcoin, for example, which can have extreme price fluctuations. To achieve this stability in terms of value, there are certain things that are deployed. This can be done through advanced computation, or binding a value to underlying assets such as flat currencies such as USD, EUR or even gold. The Gemini Dollar is designed to provide a transparent regulatory complaint connection between the traditional financial systems and the blockchain industry as a whole.Learn more about Bytom.Learn more about Tether.Learn about GPU mining here.Catch up on the latest crypto news on our CoinMarketCap blog.The Gemini Dollar can be traded on 41 exchanges, and had an all-time high value of $1.3435. To verify that the necessary 1:1 peg is backed by dollars, the deposit balance at Gemini’s U.S. bank is examined on a monthly basis by LLP, BPM and independently registered public accounting firms.The Gemini Dollar is an ERC-20 token that is built on the Ethereum network. It has smart contracts that are audited by security company Trial of Bits Inc.All of the private keys that are used to sign cryptocurrency transactions are custodied offsite in the secure, guarded and geographically distributed facilities on a cloud storage system.The keys exist on hardware security modules also known as HSMs that meet or exceed U.S. government computer security standards such as FIPS 140–2 Level 3.Multisignature technology, also known as multisig, is also implemented and provides an added layer of security from attacks and increased fault tolerance. Multiple signatories are required in order to transfer funds out of cloud storage. This means that Tyler Winklevoss and Cameron Winklevoss are unable to individually or jointly transfer customer funds into or out of the hot wallet or cloud storage system.Gemini Dollar or GUSD can be purchased, sold and traded on several exchanges, including:HooXTDigiFinexBitMartOKExIf you are interested in learning to purchase cryptocurrencies but do not know where to start, we have the perfect guide for you.', 'website': 'https://gemini.com/dollar/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/gemini/dollar', 'whitepaper': 'https://gemini.com/wp-content/themes/gemini/assets/img/dollar/gemini-dollar-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['gemini.com/dollar/'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['gemini.com', 'https://twitter.com/geminitrust', 'https://reddit.com/r/Gemini'], 'property': ['Store of Value', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed']} ,
{'rank': 133, 'name': 'Mina', 'symbol': 'MINA', 'id': '8646', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/mina/', 'slug': 'mina', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Mina Protocol is a minimal “succinct blockchain” built to curtail computational requirements in order to run DApps more efficiently. Mina has been described as the world’s lightest blockchain since its size is designed to remain constant despite growth in usage. Furthermore, it remains balanced in terms of security and decentralization. The project was rebranded from Coda Protocol to Mina in October 2020. The Mina network has a size of only 22 KB, which is miniscule when compared to Bitcoin’s 300 GB blockchain.Mina is working on achieving an efficient distributed payment system that enables users to natively verify the platform right from the genesis block. Its technical whitepaper calls this a “succinct blockchain.”The protocol uses Zero-Knowledge Succinct Non-Interactive Arguments of Knowledge (zk-SNARKs), a cryptographic proof that enables someone to authenticate information without revealing said information. However, enabling a user to trace the platform back to its genesis block can be impractical in a large network. As such, Mina incrementally computes SNARKS that concentrate only on the last few blocks — meaning that end-users check that zk-SNARK-compressed proof, instead of a block’s entire transaction history. At the heart of Mina protocol is MINA, its native currency, which functions as a utility coin and medium of exchange.Mina is similar to Bitcoin, apart from how it handles transactions, but also employs the account model used in Ethereum.In this respect, the difference between Bitcoin and Ethereum is that the state of the Bitcoin blockchain contains a list of unspent coins, while Ethereum’s state is made up of account balances.Mina, on the other hand, uses a prover (or snarker, if you will), an equivalent of a miner, to ensure each block commits to the state. Mina employs the Ouroboros Samasika, a type of PoS mechanism specially designed for succinct decentralized networks since it provides bootstrapping from a genesis block.Succinct blockchains contain two major functions: verify and update. Verification touches on consensus, blockchain summary and blocks, while the update function interacts with consensus and chain summary.Apart from the above implementations, the project uses a parallel scan state to optimize transaction processing speed, which works by grouping unproven blocks and assigning the process to parallel provers.Mina is all about revolutionizing the current blockchain landscape where most platforms have verifiers such as miners/stakers and light clients who act as third parties when verifying transactions.Mina takes a different approach by having multiple participants, each handling a specific function on the decentralized network.The three major roles include verifiers, block producers and snarkers.Block producers take the form of stakers or miners and earn block rewards and transaction fee payments. Interestingly, the protocol doesn’t slash incentives that go to block producers. This category of participants allows Mina users to delegate their coins to them. Apart from bundling transactions into blocks, block producers also have to SNARK an equivalent number of previously committed trades as failure to do so during block production would lead to incomplete blocks and other nodes rejecting their validity. If a block producer wants to incorporate 10 transactions on the chain, they must also SNARK trades from the front of the queue. However, they have the option to produce the SNARK or use those generated by a special group of participants called snarkers.\u200d## SnarkersSnarkers, also known as provers, produce zk-SNARKs used in verifying transactions. Block producers pay snarkers from the overall transaction fees they receive for adding new blocks. However, to qualify for the fees, they have to post bids. Note that a snarker’s zk-SNARK needs to be used in a block while the block producer who uses it is responsible for incentivizing the snarker.This creates a business economy where multiple snarkers can post bids tied to the same transaction. Block producers, on the other hand, are in for the profits and will choose the bid with the lowest fees. Consequently, snarkers are challenged to produce low-cost SNARKS.The process starts with a user initiating a transaction, after which the trade goes to the mempool, a pool of valid but unconfirmed transactions.Next, snarkers take over by making proofs or SNARKS. The process follows with the selection of a block producer (BP) to bundle transactions into a block. Note that a BP sifts through the mempool for profitable transactions.Then, the BP chooses a SNARK according to the rules in the consensus mechanism. Note that a block producer scans through the bids for the lowest-priced SNARK. In addition, recently added transactions have an updated SNARKS order book.Next, it’s time to incorporate the SNARKS in a block, then add the block to the chain and update the network. Snarked transactions are removed from the chain to help keep the size of the protocol constant.Then, the block producer upgrades the protocol’s zk-SNARKS.Finally, the new block becomes immutably part of the chain.', 'website': 'https://minaprotocol.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/MinaProtocol/mina', 'whitepaper': 'https://minaprotocol.com/docs', 'other_links': ['minaprotocol.com', 'https://discord.com/invite/Vexf4ED', 'http://bit.ly/MinaTelegram'], 'explorers': ['minaexplorer.com', 'hubble.figment.io', 'minascan.org'], 'community': ['minaprotocol.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/MinaProtocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/MinaProtocol'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoS'], 'property': ['Zero Knowledge Proofs', 'Staking', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Platform Token']} ,
{'rank': 134, 'name': 'Dent', 'symbol': 'DENT', 'id': '1886', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dent/', 'slug': 'dent', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Launched in 2017, Dent is a revolutionary digital mobile operator offering eSIM cards, mobile data plans, call minutes top-ups and a roaming-free experience. According to the company website, Dent employs blockchain technology’s powers to create a global marketplace for mobile data liberalization.Dent has an ambitious roadmap ahead, with plans to expand its services to new markets by the end of 2021. The company has already attracted more than twenty-five million mobile device users, and Dent services are available in more than 140 countries. Enterprise partnerships for Dent include Samsung Blockchain, The Enterprise Ethereum Alliance and Telecom Infra.Tero Katajainen is the founder and CEO of DENT Wireless. He acquired a master’s degree diploma in sciences from Tampere University of Technology in 1999. After graduating, he became a system administrator and java programmer at the university. In 2001, Katajainen became the CTO of Genetics AG, and in 2003 he founded Pocket Indian Software Solutions. Katajainen served as a senior Java/Android consultant for the United Nations in 2015. He has multiple awards and honorary achievements in the field of technology.Mikko Linnamäki is a co-founder of DENT Wireless. Since 2000 he has been an active entrepreneur and businessman. With five successful businesses before founding Dent, Linnamäki introduces himself as a “serial web-entrepreneur and Internet software pioneer.” His most long-standing business venture is Smartseed GmbH, which has been successfully operating since late 2000. Since then, Linnamäki participated in the founding of DEVCOT, one of the largest open-source IMAP servers globally. Dent is a revolutionary player in the market of mobile communications and data services. Today, around half of the world’s population has restricted access to mobile services because of the high prices traditional mobile carriers offer. Dent brings in the power of blockchain technology to revolutionize this and provide global access to mobile airtime and data. Dent eliminates the understanding that your mobile data is tied to your location by becoming a global digital mobile operator. Dent offers plans that suit today’s global citizens’ needs by removing roaming fees and introducing international mobile plans. Everything on the Dent platform is purchased through DENT tokens, meaning that all transactions are recorded on the blockchain, and there is no chance for a customer to pay for something and not receive it. Unlike traditional mobile operators, Dent aims to make mobile airtime and data available globally to anyone interested, regardless of their location. Read more about Hedera Hashgraph.Find out more about Origo.Learn more about DApps.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.According to the company whitepaper, there is a maximum supply of 100 billion DENT tokens. The total circulating supply at the time of writing is 93,690,412,211 DENT tokens. Of the total supply, 8.6 billion DENT tokens were sold at a fixed price of $0.0005 per token during the company’s initial coin offering (ICO). 30% of all DENT tokens remain at the company for strategic acquisitions and market seeding, user incentives, salaries and bonuses. The remaining 70% of the token supply was released during pre-sale and sale events, and any outstanding tokens were locked up and released quarterly after that. DENT is an Ethereum based ERC-20 token. This means that the Dent platform operates thanks to the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus method. Unlike Bitcoin, which utilizes the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus mechanism, Dent relies on large stakeholders to become nodes and transaction validators. The benefits of PoS consensus mechanisms are many, but the most prominent include increased scalability and reduced electrical and computing power consumption. Considering this, many platforms are looking to utilize the Ethereum blockchain to launch their products. Dent is one of the pioneer projects to launch an ERC-20 token back in 2017. DENT coins are relatively accessible for purchase, being ERC-20 tokens. One of your solid choices is Binance, which has the largest trade volume of DENT coins as of April 2021.Another option to purchase DENT tokens is KuCoin. Of course, it is crucial to note that investing in cryptocurrency can be risky, as coin prices are incredibly volatile. Find more information here about buying cryptos.', 'website': 'https://www.dentwireless.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.dentwireless.com/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['www.dentwireless.com', 'https://t.me/dentcoin'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/dentcoin', 'https://reddit.com/r/dent'], 'property': ['Services']} ,
{'rank': 135, 'name': 'Storj', 'symbol': 'STORJ', 'id': '1772', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/storj/', 'slug': 'storj', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Storj, pronounced as “storage,” is an open-source cloud storage platform. Basically, it uses a decentralized network of nodes to host user data. The platform also secures hosted data using advanced encryption.In a white paper published in December,2014, Storj was first introduced to the world as a concept. It was to be a decentralized peer-to-peer encrypted cloud storage platform.Two years later, an updated white paper was published. Here, a decentralized network — connecting users who need cloud storage space with those who have hard drive space to sell — was described. The platform was launched in late 2018.People with hard drive space and good internet connectivity can participate in the network. They become a unit in the network, called a node. Space providers are rewarded by Storj tokens. Storj was founded by Shawn Wilkinson in May 2014. Wilkinson was a software developer based in Atlanta. He saw how blockchain technology could be leveraged to build a decentralized cloud storage network. Together with his co-founder, John Quinn, the first white paper was published late 2014. Since then, the concept and details have changed. The current version of Storj, V3, was launched in the middle of 2019. In addition to being a blockchain enthusiast, Quinn had extensive background in business development. Prior to founding his own projects (including Storj) he had been involved in the investment banking industry. The concept was finally incorporated as a company — Storj Labs Inc. in May 2015. At the company’s inception, Wilkinson served as CEO. Later, he stepped down for a more experienced hand to take the wheel, with Ben Golub currently serving as CEO. Wilkinson is now the chief strategy officer (CSO), while Quinn serves as the chief revenue officer (CSO) as well as a member of the company’s board.The platform was able to raise 910 bitcoin worth about $460,000 in 2014 in a public crowd-sale. They raised $3 million in a seed funding round three years later and then held a token sale, generating an additional $30 million that same year. As a decentralized cloud storage network, Storj is unique in more ways than one. For one, unlike traditional cloud storage solutions that store data in huge data centers, Storj runs on a network of thousands of independent computers. Anyone with a few extra terabytes of space can become a node on the platform by installing Tardigrade. All that is required is a strong and consistent internet connection. The efficiency of the network means that hosts pay far less for the storage of their data than when employing traditional cloud storage services. Initially about 500 million $Storj tokens were minted on the Ethereum blockchain. After Storj Labs hosted a token sale, 75 million of these were burned. Now the total tokens available in circulation is just short of 425 million.In 2017, before the token sale, the company locked up 245 million tokens in a reserve. The token sale itself had 70 million tokens released into circulation. Storj Labs Inc., uses its Tardigrade software installed on node computers to create and secure user data. This network of anonymous nodes removes the need to trust cloud storage service providers to secure the privacy of our data.The system is also peer-to-peer encrypted, which means that each file is encrypted before being dispersed to the network of independent hosts. Each node only receives a random fragment of a whole file with decryption keys split among each node and the host, making it almost impossible to hack.Node operators get rewarded for hosting data as well confirming the safety and retention of the hosted files randomly in a process known in the crypto world as mining (PoW). The Storj token is used for this purpose. Individuals or organizations who want to store their data on the network provide the Storj tokens paid to nodesThis system ensures that user data are protected against hacks and other malicious attacks. It also removes the risk of storing data in a few isolated data storage units — which can be subject to a planned, coordinated attack, leading to mass loss of user data.As one of the earliest blockchain solutions, Storj’s token has liquidity. Over fifty exchange platforms have $Storj listed in pairs with other major currencies and cryptocurrencies, including Crypto.com and Binance. You can make a direct conversion of USD and Euro on Kraken as well.Learn how other platforms are leveraging the Ethereum blockchain to drive innovation here.', 'website': 'https://storj.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/storj/storj', 'whitepaper': 'https://storj.io/storj.pdf', 'other_links': ['storj.io'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'community.storj.io', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/storj', 'https://reddit.com/r/storj'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Distributed Computing', 'Filesharing', 'Storage']} ,
{'rank': 136, 'name': 'Ergo', 'symbol': 'ERG', 'id': '1762', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ergo/', 'slug': 'ergo', 'max_supply': '97,739,924', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://ergoplatform.org/', 'whitepaper': 'https://ergoplatform.org/en/documents', 'other_links': ['ergoplatform.org', 'https://telegram.me/ergoplatform'], 'explorers': ['explorer.ergoplatform.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/ergoplatformorg'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW'], 'property': ['Platform', 'DApp'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 137, 'name': 'iExec RLC', 'symbol': 'RLC', 'id': '1637', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/rlc/', 'slug': 'rlc', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'iExec is the leading provider of blockchain-based decentralized computing. Blockchain is utilized to organize a market network where people can monetize their computing power as well as applications and even datasets. It does this by providing on-demand access to cloud computing resources. IExec can support applications in fields such as big data, healthcare, AI, rendering and fintech. IExec was founded on Oct. 16, 2016, with the goal to reinvent cloud computing through the creation of a new cloud computing paradigm. As such, iExec relies on the XtremWeb-HEP, an open-source desktop grid software that implements features such as multi-applications, fault-tolerance, multi-users, deployment of virtual images, private infrastructure, data management, security and much more.When it comes to the Founders of iExec RLC, Gilles Fedak is the CEO and co-founder. Before he began work on iExec, he worked in INRIA as a research scientist at a postdoc in UC San Diego and at ATER at University Paris-Sud. He has a Ph.D. in philosophy and computer science.Haiwu He is the co-founder and head of APAC at iExec. Before that, he was a professor at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, an innovation transfer research engineer at ENS Lyon, the co-founder of iRentCPU, a research engineer expert at INRA and an assistant professor at Hohai University. He has a Ph.D. in computing sciences. This means that iExec is built upon the work of team members who have done INRIA and CNRS research in the field of desktop grid computing.The iExec network has been made up of computing resource providers. These are known as iExec Workers. If users want to be these workers, they can connect their machines and will be rewarded with RLC tokens for contributing their resources to the network. Application providers can monetize their algorithms, and data providers that own valuable datasets can make them available for usage through iExec. Then there is also the consensus protocol known as PoCo or proof-of-contribution that provides consensus over the off-chain computing. Thanks to this proof-of-contribution, external resources providers have the usage of their resources certified on the blockchain itself.IExec also provides distributed applications running on the blockchain known as DApps scalable secure and easy access to servers, data-sets and computing resources, and since all of this works on Ethereum, it allows for a Virtual Cloud Infrastructure that can provide high-performance computing services on demand.As such, iExec supports the emerging class of blockchain-based distributed applications and enables cost-effective, high-performance computing through a decentralized cloud infrastructure. Through making access to machines easier, a distributed cloud will allow a drastic increase in the environmental footprint of data centers.Learn more about Injective Protocol.IExec RLC (RLC) is a cryptocurrency on the Ethereum platform. More specifically, RLC is an ERC-20 compliant digital asset. RLC can be easily and securely stored, transferred, traded and divided as well as used to make transactions.IExec helps smart contracts overcome limitations within the Ethereum blockchain including scalability, privacy and connectivity.For a high level of security, iExec has developed TEE, otherwise known as Trusted Execution Environment. This is a secure area in a machine’s CPU that can guarantee the code’s execution. In other words, it guarantees that the code cannot be tampered with due to the fat that its logic is implemented at a hardware level.This ensures that exiting a smart contract to access information is provided by the Web2 infrastructure is secure. When it comes to the top exchanges for trading in iExec RLC, these include: BittrexUniswap V2BinanceUpbitVCC ExchangeHitBTCFeel free to find more at our crypto exchanges page.', 'website': 'https://t.me/iexec_rlc_official', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing', 'whitepaper': 'https://iex.ec/app/uploads/2017/04/iExec-WPv2.0-English.pdf', 'other_links': ['iex.ec', 'docs.iex.ec', 'https://t.me/iexec_rlc_official'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/iEx_ec', 'https://reddit.com/r/iexec'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'AI & Big Data', 'Distributed Computing', 'DeFi', 'Privacy', 'Oracles', 'Scaling', 'Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Polkadot']} ,
{'rank': 138, 'name': 'Stratis', 'symbol': 'STRAX', 'id': '1343', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/stratis/', 'slug': 'stratis', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'http://stratisplatform.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/stratisproject', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.stratisplatform.com/files/Stratis_Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['stratisplatform.com', 'https://discord.com/invite/9tDyfZs', 'https://t.me/StratisPlatform'], 'explorers': ['chainz.cryptoid.info', 'strax.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'www.stratisplatform.com', 'academy.stratisplatform.com', 'https://twitter.com/stratisplatform', 'https://reddit.com/r/Stratisplatform'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['Hybrid - PoW & PoS', 'PoA'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Masternodes', 'Smart Contracts', 'Staking', 'DAO', 'Sidechain']} ,
{'rank': 139, 'name': 'StormX', 'symbol': 'STMX', 'id': '2297', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/stormx/', 'slug': 'stormx', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': 'Founded in 2015, StormX is one of the first global cryptocurrency-based solutions to reach worldwide markets. As a mobile app and browser extension, StormX aims to bring users cashback in crypto for most of their online purchases. With enterprise partners like Samsung, Nike and Lego. StormX also allows users to stake the native STMX token to boost their rewards. The company has already attracted investments from Blockfolio, Litecoin Foundation and Kyber Network. StormX has successfully developed its product and has become an industry leader in the crypto cashback community. The company is also catching users’ attention by offering cashback of up to 87.5% for some purchases.Simon Yu is the CEO and co-founder of StormX. Yu graduated from the University of Washington in 2014 and then participated in a Berkley Blockchain Xcelerator held by the University of California in 2020. His professional career began a couple of years before he graduated, with the founding of a company called Penguin Delivery — aimed at delivering Korean barbecue tacos to students across campus. After graduating, Simon Yu became a financial analyst intern for Amazon and then became a senior credit risk analyst for KeyBank. In 2015, Yu and his team founded StormX.Calvin Hsieh is the CTO and co-founder of the company. He graduated with a degree in computer science and software engineering from the University of Washington and was also part of the Berkley Blockchain Xcelerator held by the University of California in 2020. In April 2015, Hsieh joined Bomba Fusion LLC as a manager and web developer, and in 2017, he became a co-owner of the company. In 2015, he co-founded StormX with Simon Yu.StormX is the first crypto cashback solution that allows users to earn rewards and cashback for their fiat purchases. By seamlessly integrating their blockchain platform with the everyday purchases people make, StormX essentially makes crypto enter the mainstream financial system. By extending the capabilities of the StormX platform beyond cashback, the company also captures the interest of crypto enthusiasts who are looking to boost their profit by staking native tokens and performing everyday tasks. The STMX token allows users to lock staking contracts and earn interest on their investment. With more than 750 online stores part of the StormX cashback program, customers can easily stack up cashback rewards. Not only that, some of the online shops offer cashback of up to 87.5% in crypto, which is an unprecedented rate for traditional cashback programs. Finally, StormX has attracted the attention of several big names in the industry and has secured over $30 million in funding. Read more about pNetwork.Find out more about Loopring.Learn more about DApps.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.STMX has a total supply of 10 billion tokens and a current circulating supply of 8,412,333,047 STMX. According to the official whitepaper, a quarter of the total token supply was distributed among the company and founding team members. Another 23% of STMX tokens remain locked for platform utilization and support. More than 40% of the total token supply was distributed among several crowdsale events. Lastly, about 10% of the total supply was distributed among users. StormX initially launched its token under the ticker STORM. However, in 2020, the company went through a token swap and launched the STMX ticker. As an ERC-20 token, STMX is secured by Ethereum’s proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism. The PoS consensus mechanism relies on stakeholders to become transaction validators. This is what differentiates this consensus from the proof-of-work (PoW) utilized by Bitcoin. The PoS consensus mechanism is extremely versatile, as it does not require vast amounts of electrical or computing power, unlike PoW. Not only that, as STMX is an ERC-20 token, this makes the cryptocurrency widely distributable and exchangeable. Ethereum-based tokens can be integrated into DApps and smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. As an established cashback application since 2015, StormX has secured a top place among crypto enthusiasts. This is why the STMX token is widely available on a number of exchanges. If you are looking to purchase STMX tokens, one option is Binance. Other exchanges where STMX is available include:Find more information here about buying cryptos.', 'website': 'https://stormx.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/StormX-Inc/crowdsale', 'whitepaper': 'https://s3.amazonaws.com/cakecodes/pdf/storm_web/STORM_Token_White_Paper_Market_Research_Network_Development_vFINAL_.pdf', 'other_links': ['stormx.io', 'https://t.me/stormxapp'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/stormxio', 'https://reddit.com/r/stormtoken'], 'property': ['Media', 'Loyalty']} ,
{'rank': 140, 'name': 'Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token', 'symbol': 'BTCST', 'id': '8891', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/btc-standard-hashrate-token/', 'slug': 'btc-standard-hashrate-token', 'max_supply': '15,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.btcst.finance/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.1-b.tc/static/BTCST_Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.btcst.finance', 'https://t.me/BTCST_Community_EN'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com', 'tronscan.org'], 'community': ['btcst.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/btcst2020', 'https://reddit.com/r/BTCStandardHashrate'], 'property': ['Binance Smart Chain', 'Binance Launchpool']} ,
{'rank': 141, 'name': 'SKALE Network', 'symbol': 'SKL', 'id': '5691', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/skale-network/', 'slug': 'skale-network', 'max_supply': '7,000,000,000', 'about': ' SKALE is described as an elastic network that’s designed to bring scalability to Ethereum. As well as boosting transaction capacity, the decentralized project aims to reduce latency and ensure that payments can be made as cheaply as possible.The project’s website says it wants to enable people to build and run DApps in a “decentralized modular cloud built for real-world needs and configured for your requirements.” This emphasis on decentralization isn’t at the expense of security.According to SKALE, those who build on this platform can run Solidity smart contracts “thousands of times faster at a fraction of the mainnet cost” — with games and content streaming services among the projects that already take advantage of its infrastructure. SKALE Network was founded by Jack O’Holleran and Stan Kladko, both of whom have vast experience across the software industry. O’Holleran — the co-founder and chief executive of SKALE — is a technology entrepreneur who specializes in blockchain and decentralized systems. He continues to hold a strategic advisor role at Aktana, the life sciences company he co-founded in 2008.According to his LinkedIn profile, O’Holleran began the early stages of his career as an account executive at Good Technology. He spent two years there before joining Motorola’s business development and product strategy division. Kladko spent many years obtaining a PhD in physics prior to co-founding SKALE, and worked for 16 years as a technology executive in San Francisco’s Silicon Valley. He has co-founded several other companies, including Galactic Exchange and Cloudessa.SKALE Network is geared towards improving both security and decentralization of Ethereum-based apps. Token holders on the SKALE Network are incentivized and earn rewards by helping to improve the scalability and security of the platform by serving as validators.The SKALE Network was the first project to launch a token on ConsenSys Codefi’s Activate platform — which is “designed to launch decentralized networks and allow customers to purchase, manage and use their tokens — all in one application.” Activate was designed to create new standards for the distribution of utility tokens, and ensure that networks are fully usable as soon as tokens are sold. It’s hoped that this approach will help clean up the appearance of the initial coin offering sector, which has been susceptible to scams in recent years.By launching a token that meets regulatory standards, SKALE is intending its token to be widely adopted and avoid any fraudulent activity. Ethereum is typically slow to verify and authorize transactions. Using SKALE Network greatly improves the speed at which Ethereum verifies transactions as SKALE can operate much faster and run up to a maximum of 2,000 transactions per second per chain, according to the team. Find out more about Polkadot.Check out our deep dive into decentralized finance.Learn about cryptocurrencies with CoinMarketCap Alexandria. \\\nSubscribe to the CoinMarketCap newsletter.The total supply of SKL tokens at the launch of the SKALE Network was 4.1 billion. When it comes to the maximum supply, this figure is fixed at 7 billion tokens.According to a white paper released by the SKALE Network in July 2020, one third (33%) was allocated to validator rewards, 28.1% was earmarked for delegators, 16% was allocated to the broader founding team, 10% to the SKALE Foundation, 7.7% to the protocol development fund, 4% to the core team pool and 1.3% to the ecosystem fund. Validators in the SKALE Network secure the network by proposing blocks. Once the validators come to a consensus on a finalized block, the blocks are committed to the chain. The SKALE Network uses proof-of-stake (PoS) to ensure the network is secured. There are several exchanges where one can buy SKL tokens. The first ones to list SKL include Huobi, Binance and Uniswap. Read more about how to convert fiat currencies to crypto here.', 'website': 'https://skale.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/skalenetwork', 'whitepaper': 'https://skale.network/docs/', 'other_links': ['skale.network', 'https://t.me/skaleofficial', 'http://skale.chat/'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['skale.network', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/SkaleNetwork'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Smart Contracts', 'Staking', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'Galaxy Digital Portfolio', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 142, 'name': 'Origin Protocol', 'symbol': 'OGN', 'id': '5117', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/origin-protocol/', 'slug': 'origin-protocol', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Origin Protocol is a network that allows market participants to share goods and services through peer-to-peer (P2P) networks. The platform aims to create an extensive online marketplace leveraging the Ethereum (ETH) blockchain and Interplanetary File System (IPFS) in order to eliminate the need for middlemen.The protocol allows for the creation of a decentralized setting where both buyers and sellers can connect, check for available listings, write reviews and perform many other actions. With this, fractional usage of assets can be traded more easily.Origin Protocol addresses the fundamental issues of extant online markets, such as unfair transaction fees, lack of transparency, less drive for innovation and centralization issues. The protocol creates a decentralized and incentivized environment for buyers and sellers to facilitate business.The team consists of members from more than seven countries who have a mutual interest in blockchain technology. Origin Protocol is headquartered in San Francisco with several investors in various parts of the world. The protocol was launched in 2017 by Josh Fraser and Matthew Liu.Josh Fraser co-founded Origin Protocol and three other companies before it. He is a serial entrepreneur who has been active in the crypto space for more than a decade. Fraser has also worked as the CTO of the social networking platform Eventvue.The other co-founder Matthew Liu is a software engineer and product manager who has worked in the blockchain industry for many years. Liu has worked as a product manager at YouTube.Yu Pan, the founding engineer at Origin Protocol, has worked at Google. He was one of the earliest employees at Paypal and also co-founded Kiwi Crate.Frank Chastagnol, the VP of engineering, has worked at companies like YouTube, Dropbox and others.Origin Protocol is aiming to disrupt the sharing economy by setting up a decentralized, P2P network between merchants and cutting out traditional intermediaries. The vision of Origin Protocol is to create distributed systems where users can promote their products. The protocol focuses on the free trading of all goods and services at their actual market prices without third-party interference.Origin aims to create a conducive environment for online market participants by providing:Lower transaction feesOrigin Protocol removes the need for intermediaries that charge fees for processing transactions. The protocol allows access to the unbiased prices of goods and services.Improved incentivization systemOrigin Protocol is an open-source platform that rewards users for their contributions to the network through an incentivization system. The platform's users, such as affiliates, are also rewarded with cryptocurrency tokens when they promote and market the listings created by sellers. This incentivization of users encourages them to keep the platform alive and growing.Better AccessibilityTraditional sharing businesses require consumers to have bank accounts, credit cards, or other means of payment, depriving the unbanked of access to their services. On the other hand, Origin Protocol allows underprivileged groups to access open marketplaces without the need for a bank account.Origin Protocol runs on its native OGN tokens, which are used in incentive systems, staking, governance and payments. The total supply of OGN is 1,000,000,000 tokens, of which 20.24% has been allocated to the team. As of March 2021, the circulating supply of OGN is 241,859,681.OGN utility token runs on the Ethereum blockchain and is ERC-20 compliant. OGN can be stored in any wallet that supports ERC-20 tokens. The protocol also uses the Interplanetary File System (IPFS) to secure data transfers among peers, ensuring data integrity.OGN coins can be purchased on some of the top exchanges including:Apart from buying and selling the coins, users can also earn OGN through participation in the platform and via the referral program. Learn more about how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) and other cryptocurrencies with our comprehensive guide.", 'website': 'https://github.com/originprotocol', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/originprotocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.originprotocol.com/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['www.originprotocol.com', 'www.shoporigin.com', 'https://www.originprotocol.com/discord', 'https://t.me/originprotocol'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/originprotocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/originprotocol'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs', 'DeFi', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio'], 'self_reported_tags': ['E-commerce', 'Marketplace', 'Platform', 'Ethereum', 'Art', 'DApp', 'Launchpad']} ,
{'rank': 143, 'name': 'Ontology Gas', 'symbol': 'ONG', 'id': '3217', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ontology-gas/', 'slug': 'ontology-gas', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Ontology is a high performance, open source blockchain specializing in digital identity and data.Ontology's infrastructure supports robust cross-chain collaboration and Layer 2 scalability, offering businesses the flexibility to design a blockchain that suits their needs.With a suite of decentralized identity and data sharing protocols to enhance speed, security, and trust, Ontology’s features include ONT ID, a mobile digital ID application and DID used throughout the ecosystem, and DDXF, a decentralized data exchange, and collaboration framework.Ontology adopts a dual-token model, with both ONT and ONG as utility tokens. Ontology decouples ONT and ONG to alleviate the risk of turbulent fluctuations of the native “asset” value on the gas fee.ONT is used as the staking tool and the time, cost of staking and operating costs of the nodes are considered to be inputs. ONG is used as a value-anchoring tool for on-chain applications and is used in the transactions on the chain.", 'website': 'https://ont.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.ont.io/', 'other_links': ['ont.io', 'https://t.me/OntologyNetwork', 'https://t.me/OntologyNetworkCN'], 'explorers': ['explorer.ont.io'], 'community': ['medium.com'], 'platform': ['Ontology']} ,
{'rank': 144, 'name': 'Conflux Network', 'symbol': 'CFX', 'id': '7334', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/conflux-network/', 'slug': 'conflux-network', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Conflux is a public, permissionless blockchain bridging Asian and Western communities and economies, to enable the secure flow of assets and data across borders, protocols & applications. The Conflux protocol is fast, scalable, and solidity compatible, with zero congestion and low fees. Headquartered in Beijing China, Conflux has expanded its global operations with a diverse distributed team across four continents, and additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Lagos, Nigeria. Conflux originated in the research lab of Turing Award recipient Dr. Andrew Yao at Tsinghua University. It is based on a Tree-Graph consensus mechanism that optimizes for security, scalability and decentralization.In 2018, the Conflux Foundation was formed, and a regulatory compliant fundraise was completed to build an open infrastructure based on this breakthrough consensus mechanism. Established as the only state-endorsed public, permissionless blockchain in China, Conflux is advancing education and research in blockchain development through the Tree-Graph Research Institute, in partnership with the government of Shanghai and the Key Laboratory of Blockchain Infrastructure & Applications with the government of Hunan.', 'website': 'https://confluxnetwork.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Conflux-Chain', 'whitepaper': 'https://confluxnetwork.org/static/Conflux_Protocol_Specification_20200714.pdf', 'other_links': ['confluxnetwork.org', 'https://discord.com/invite/aCZkf2C', 'https://t.me/Conflux_English'], 'explorers': ['www.confluxscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/Conflux_Network'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Smart Contracts'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 145, 'name': 'Orchid', 'symbol': 'OXT', 'id': '5026', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/orchid/', 'slug': 'orchid', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Orchid (OXT) is the native token of Orchid, a cryptocurrency-powered virtual private network (VPN).Launched in December 2019, Orchid describes itself as the world’s first incentivized, peer-to-peer privacy network.Its aim is to overcome internet freedom limitations by using cryptocurrency payments to allow anyone to purchase bandwidth from any participating provider. This is done using so-called probabilistic nanopayments, which occur using OXT, an ERC-20 standard token on Ethereum.Regular payments to providers occur off-chain, allowing Orchid to avoid problems with congestion and gas fees on the Ethereum network.The service is pay-per-use, meaning that users only have to contribute funds when they actually connect, instead of paying monthly or annual fees.Orchid’s four co-founders come from the blockchain and financial spheres. They are Dr. Steven Waterhouse as CEO, Jay Freeman, Brian J. Fox and Gustav Simonsson.Waterhouse is a well-known figure within cryptocurrency, having also co-founded venture capital outfit Pantera Capital, which is responsible for investing in some of the industry’s most popular companies.Freeman is the creator of Cydia, an alternative Apple App Store for jailbroken Apple devices and currently used by around 30 million jailbroken Apple products.Fox is responsible for the creation of United States bank Wells Fargo’s first interactive online banking system in the mid 1990s. Simonsson, meanwhile, is one of the Ethereum network’s core security developers, helping with its original launch in 2015. According to official literature, Waterhouse became alerted to the need for internet privacy improvements after becoming the victim of a SIM-swap attack, and began researching VPN technology.The main idea behind Orchid is the use of blockchain technology to enhance the existing VPN experience. Using cryptocurrency-based probabilistic nanopayments, users can benefit from anonymous VPN usage which does not rely on a centralized server and the risks associated with a particular country’s infrastructure.As a freely-exchangeable ERC-20 token, OXT also provides a trading incentive to own and increase network value for owners. A separate feature allows users to purchase so-called “Orchid credits” with fiat currency. In this instance, OXT cannot be withdrawn and converted elsewhere, only spent with network providers. This is designed to appeal to those who do not wish to transact in cryptocurrency. The appeal of Orchid, however, is not just among cryptocurrency users. Developers highlight a growing trend for internet freedom in the face of mounting geopolitical tensions and local restrictions. Web 3.0 technology is used to provide some semblance of an open internet, as it was conceived when consumer access began to go mainstream in the early 1990s.Learn more about Mysterium here.New to cryptocurrency? Check out everything you need to know with CoinMarketCap’s educational resources here.OXT has a supply of 1,000,000,000 (1 billion) units. There is no inflation, but the possibility for deflation is maintained by possible token burns of OXT as part of regular network function.Of the total supply, 51.13% are earmarked for network incentives (held in the Orchid Treasury) and other purposes. 17.3% went to investors as part of the seed Simple Agreement for Future Tokens (SAFT), 4.49% for SAFT 2a and 3.38% in SAFT 2b.The remaining tokens will be distributed among four development teams. Multiple vesting schedules are in place, depending on the purpose and destination of the tokens.OXT is an ERC-20 standard token on Ethereum, and security risks revolve mainly around an attacker’s ability to harvest user data from Orchid itself.Given that very little information is contained in the platform’s smart contracts used for payments, the weak links in the chain mostly lie with the user. As developers note, involving third parties in token purchases to use Orchid — for example, major exchanges — could ultimately lead to an attacker learning a user’s identity by tracing transactions to their exchange wallet.OXT is freely tradeable on major exchanges such as Binance, Kraken and Coinbase Pro, with cryptocurrency, stablecoin and fiat pairs available.To learn more about how to purchase Bitcoin (BTC) and other cryptocurrencies, take a look here to get acquainted with the options."', 'website': 'https://www.orchid.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/OrchidTechnologies/orchid', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.orchid.com/assets/whitepaper/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.orchid.com', 'https://www.t.me/OrchidOfficial'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['blog.orchid.com', 'www.reddit.com', 'https://twitter.com/OrchidProtocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/orchid'], 'property': ['Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'A16Z Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 146, 'name': 'Band Protocol', 'symbol': 'BAND', 'id': '4679', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/band-protocol/', 'slug': 'band-protocol', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Band Protocol is a cross-chain data oracle platform that is able to take real-world data and supply it to on-chain applications, while also connecting APIs to smart-contracts to facilitate the exchange of information between on-chain and off-chain data sources. By supplying reputable, verifiable real-world data to blockchains, Band Protocol unlocks a range of new use cases for developers to explore — since they can now use any type of real-world data as part of their decentralized application (DApp) logic, including sports, weather, random numbers, price feed data and more.Band Protocol initially launched as an ERC-20 project on the Ethereum blockchain in September 2019, but transitioned to the Cosmos network in June 2020 with the release of Band Protocol 2.0. The new protocol is built on BandChain using the Cosmos SDK. Oracle nodes on BandChain not only relay data but are also involved in block production/validation, giving them a dual role.BAND is the native token of the Band Protocol ecosystem and is used as collateral by validators involved in fulfilling data requests, as well as the main medium of exchange on BandChain — being used to paying for private data.Band Protocol was founded in 2017 by Soravis Srinawakoon, Paul Chonpimai and Sorawit Suriyakarn. Soravis Srinawakoon, the current CEO of Band Protocol, is a former software engineer at Ericsson and management consultant at The Boston Consulting Group. Paul Chonpimai, on the other hand, is Band Protocol's CPO, and a former web developer at Turfmapp and engineer at Tripadvisor. Lastly, former software engineer at Dropbox and Quora Sorawit Suriyakarn is Band Protocol's current CTO and a gold medalist competitive programmer.In addition to the founding team, the Band Protocol LinkedIn page currently lists a total of 20 additional employees, most of which are scattered throughout Asia, and include designers, developers and engineers. The platform is also supported by major global investors, including Sequoia Capital, Dunamu & Partners, Spartan Group and Binance.Band Protocol is designed to be faster and more efficient than competing oracle solutions and is also compatible with most blockchain and smart contract development frameworks — ensuring reliable data can be fed to and from multiple different blockchains. To achieve its cross-chain data transfer, Band Protocol plans to leverage Cosmos' still in-development Inter Blockchain Communication (IBC) protocol. It remains unclear how long it will take until the IBC is operational and ready for use.Band Protocol is designed to offer permissionless oracle creation, allowing anybody to start servicing data requests. It also offers extremely simple smart contract integration, allowing developers to begin using data from Band Protocol oracles with just a few lines of code by calling on a predefined interface. Read about Chainlink (LINK) — a competing Oracle provider built on Ethereum.Learn about Cosmos (ATOM) — the blockchain which Band Protocol is built on.Get up to speed on blockchain Oracles with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Get the latest tips, tricks, and guides at the CoinMarketCap blog.Band Protocol originally released the BAND token following an initial exchange offering (IEO) on the Binance Launchpad in September 2019. A total of 27.37% of the total supply was sold across three token sale rounds (seed, private, and public sale).The total supply of BAND is capped at 100 million tokens. Of this, just over 20% (20.49 million tokens) were in circulation as of November 2020. Overall, a total of 20% of the BAND token supply is allocated to the team, plus a further 5% to its advisors. 25.63% is allocated to the Band Protocol ecosystem. Based on the projected emission rate, a total of 100% of the total supply should be in circulation by 2025 at the earliestThough BAND tokens were previously based on the ERC-20 standard, they were recently relaunched as native BAND tokens on the Band Protocol mainnet (known as BandChain). Holders of the older tokens are able to complete a 1:1 swap by depositing their ERC-20 BAND tokens to Binance, and then withdrawing them as native tokens. This will be necessary to participate in BAND staking — which is only available for mainnet tokens. Based on the Cosmos' SDK, BandChain is secured by a Byzantine fault Tolerance (BFT) consensus algorithm, which protects it against attacks. This works in combination with a delegated proof of stake (dPOS) setup, which secures the network’s oracles and allows BAND holders to earn staking rewards for delegating their stake to nodes. BAND was first tracked on public exchanges by CoinMarketCap in September 2019. Since then, it has been listed on a wide range of platforms, including several tier 1 exchanges — like Binance, Coinbase Pro and OKEx. The vast majority of BAND trading pairs are against Tether (USDT) and Bitcoin (BTC), but BAND can also be traded against several fiat currencies, including GBP, USD and EUR on Coinbase Pro. For more information about buying cryptocurrency as a beginner, read our comprehensive guide.", 'website': 'https://bandprotocol.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bandprotocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://bandprotocol.com/whitepaper-3.0.1.pdf', 'other_links': ['bandprotocol.com', 'https://t.me/bandprotocol'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com', 'blockscout.com', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/bandprotocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/bandprotocol'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem', 'DeFi', 'Oracles', 'Binance Launchpad', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 147, 'name': 'Prometeus', 'symbol': 'PROM', 'id': '4120', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/prometeus/', 'slug': 'prometeus', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://prometeus.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://prometeus.io/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['prometeus.io', 'https://t.me/promnetwork', 'https://open.kakao.com/o/g9l6x2hb'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 't.me', 'https://twitter.com/prometeusnet'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 148, 'name': 'WAX', 'symbol': 'WAXP', 'id': '2300', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/wax/', 'slug': 'wax', 'max_supply': '3,770,303,327', 'about': 'WAX (WAXP) is a purpose-built blockchain, released in 2017, that is designed to make e-commerce transactions faster, simpler and safer for every party involved. The WAX blockchain uses delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS) as its consensus mechanism. It is fully compatible with EOS.The custom features and the incentive mechanisms developed by WAX are intended to optimize the blockchain’s utility specifically for use in e-commerce, with the goal of encouraging voting on proposals. To make this possible, WAX created a suite of blockchain-based tools which decentralized application (DApp) marketplaces and non-fungible tokens can be built upon.Services such as WAX Cloud Wallet, SSO and OAUTH support e-commerce operations, the latter being a native RNG service and a developer portal. WAX’s blockchain architecture supports 500-millisecond block time and zero-fee transactions for customers. It also makes use of voting rewards to incentivize participation in the selection of block producers and improvement proposals.WAX was co-founded by William Quigley and Jonathan Yantis.William Quigley studied at the University of Southern California, and then worked at Disney. After leaving Disney in the early 1990s, he got an MBA at Harvard and became a venture capitalist. Over time, he became the managing director at Idealab. Alongside creating WAX, he is also the managing director at Magnetic.Jonathan Yantis works as the chief operating officer at WAX and as the chief operating officer at OPSkins.WAX features a WAXP-to-Ethereum (ETH) bridge that allows WAXP token holders to convert their tokens into WAXE, which is an Ethereum-based ERC20 utility token.Users willing to participate in WAX tokenomics need to burn their WAXP tokens in order to get WAXE through the Ethereum bridge. They will then need to stake the WAXE tokens on the Ethereum distribution contract.WAXG is an Ethereum-based ERC-20 governance token that is distributed to WAXE stakers. The distribution is based on a set timetable and is proportionate to the percentage of the WAX Economic Activity pool. The token holders can govern the allocation and distribution of economic value on the platform as a result.The WAX Economic Activity pool is a smart contract that accumulates a percentage of generated WAX fees and can be converted into ETH for distribution to WAXE stakers. It can also be given to WAXG token holders that decide to burn the tokens they already have.Learn more about 1inch.Learn more about Stacks.Learn about Web 3.0 on CMC Alexandria.Improve your knowledge in crypto on the CoinMarketCap blog.WAX (WAXP) has a circulating supply of 1,513,825,734 tokens as of February 2021 and a maximum supply of 3,770,303,327 WAXP.WAX network’s DPoS consensus is secure against the corruption of a significant minority or producers. Token holders can select WAX guilds by voting in a continuous approval system. They can get an opportunity to produce blocks and token holders can persuade other token holders to vote for them.A block gets produced on the WAX blockchain every 0.5 seconds; as such, one WAX guild gets authorized to produce a block at any given point in time. If a block does not get produced at the scheduled time, the block for that time slot is skipped. When one or more blocks end up getting skipped, another gap in the blockchain of 0.5 seconds or more is added.WAX guilds do not receive WAX rewards if they produce 50% or less of the scheduled blocks, which discourages skipping blocks.WAX has created a full suite of blockchain-based tools that allow anyone to trade digital or physical items instantly and securely.If you are interested in buying WAX (WAXP), it can be done on several exchanges, including the following:If you want to learn more about how exactly cryptocurrency buying works, you can learn everything you need to know with CoinMarketCap’s own guide.', 'website': 'https://wax.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/worldwide-asset-exchange/', 'whitepaper': 'https://developer.wax.io/api-docs-tools/', 'other_links': ['wax.io', 'https://t.me/wax_io', 'https://t.me/waxtokenannoucements'], 'explorers': ['wax.bloks.io'], 'community': ['wax.io', 'https://twitter.com/WAX_io', 'https://reddit.com/r/WAX_io'], 'property': ['Media', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'Payments', 'Galaxy Digital Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 149, 'name': 'Reef', 'symbol': 'REEF', 'id': '6951', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/reef/', 'slug': 'reef', 'max_supply': '20,000,000,000', 'about': 'Reef is a DeFi platform built on Polkadot that aims to deliver cross-chain trading. A yield engine and a smart liquidity aggregator are among the project’s offerings.Work began on the project in the second half of 2020. Those behind Reef argue that the process of trading, lending and staking crypto is currently fragmented — creating “a painful experience for all of its participants.”Reef aggregates liquidity and provides automation. It also aims to address the drawbacks associated with existing trading platforms. While centralized exchanges are prone to security breaches, decentralized rivals can lack liquidity and are often difficult to use.Reef was founded by Denko Mancheski. His motivation was to remove technical barriers to entry for retail investors who want to get involved with DeFi — and offer a straightforward decision-making process that takes a user’s appetite for risk into account.Mancheski wanted to help crypto newcomers overcome the complexities associated with using order books, and enable them to learn how different protocols work with ease.Born in Macedonia, Mancheski said that his passion for fintech led to him being introduced to blockchain technology. He has described forming a competent team as the biggest challenge associated with bringing Reef to life. When asked about the personal attributes that will help him become a successful entrepreneur, he added: “I have a very addictive personality — I just can’t stop doing something until I get to the imaginary goal that I set for myself.”Mancheski previously worked as a chief technology officer for Adel, a global crypto community that serves as a “technology incubator for blockchain innovation.” He was also appointed as CTO for Viewly, a social video platform without advertisements.Reef is geared towards newcomers, as well as current DeFi users who find it difficult to keep up with the best investment strategies. The company also wants to tackle the high gas fees that are seen on the Ethereum blockchain, which some claim renders DeFi protocols “unusable.”When it comes to Reef’s unique attributes, one is linked to how any DeFi protocol can integrate into its operating system. Users can enter and exit into their chosen positions in a single click — and removes some of the hassle associated with managing liquidity pool tokens.Because of how it has been built on Polkadot, Reef is able to support DeFi protocols on Avalanche, Moonbeam and Plasma, as well as on Ethereum and the Binance Smart Chain. As a result, Reef users have access to a broader number of platforms without requiring multiple accounts and a myriad of usernames and passwords that can be difficult to keep track of.Find out more about Polkadot.Check out our deep dive into decentralized finance.Learn about cryptocurrencies with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Subscribe to the CoinMarketCap newsletter.At present, REEF has a circulating supply of above three billion tokens. When it comes to the total token supply, approximately 3% has been allocated to Binance Launchpool, while 21% has been distributed to investors through token sales. The Reef team holds 16% of the supply and a specially created foundation has 17.5%, with about 12.5% earmarked for developing the ecosystem. The remaining 30% is devoted to protocol emissions and liquidity rewards, and tokens are going to be gradually released between now and the end of 2025.According to Reef, the network is secured under the shared security model operated by Polkadot. Not only does this make the network resilient, but it also means that upgrades can be performed without forks.A decentralized autonomous organization has also been established that is governed by those who hold REEF tokens.REEF is available on Binance in two trading pairs — linking this token with Bitcoin and the USDT stablecoin. It has also been listed on Bilaxy. REEF can also be acquired through the decentralized Uniswap exchange using Wrapped Ether and USDT. Read more about how to convert fiat currencies to crypto here.', 'website': 'https://reef.finance/', 'source_code': 'http://github.com/reef-defi', 'whitepaper': 'https://reef.finance/resources/ReefLitePaper_v100c.pdf', 'other_links': ['reef.finance', 'https://t.me/reefdefi'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/ReefDeFi', 'https://reddit.com/r/ReefDeFi'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Substrate', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Polkadot']} ,
{'rank': 150, 'name': 'Injective Protocol', 'symbol': 'INJ', 'id': '7226', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/injective-protocol/', 'slug': 'injective-protocol', 'max_supply': '100,000,000', 'about': 'The Injective Protocol project is a revolutionary idea that aims to make currency exchanges completely decentralized, public operated networks. What this means is the exchange is solely operated by people who hold INJ tokens. There is no centralized governing body that enforces control over the development of the project. The Injective Protocol project officially launched via a public offering in 2020, and it was backed by names in the industry like Binance, Pantera and Hashed.The Injective Chain is the blockchain foundation of the project. It hosts a completely decentralized order book and employs elements from the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). The platform also incorporates a bi-directional token bridge, linking it to the Ethereum ecosystem.Eric Chen is the co-founder of Injective Labs, the company behind INJ. He has a bachelor of science in finance from NYU Stern, and his professional career started back in 2014. Chen was a research fellow at Desay Sv Automotive, and later moved to AXA Advisors to become an analyst. In 2017, Eric Chen became a researcher for Innovating Capital, and a year later, in 2018, he co-founded Injective Protocol. Albert Chon is the chief technical officer of Injective Protocol. He graduated with a computer science masters degree from Stanford University and became a full stack engineer for Linc Global in 2017. At the beginning of 2018, he started a position at Amazon as a software development engineer; however, he soon moved on to co-found Injective Protocol with Eric Chen. He has been with the company since its launch in mid-2018. Injective Protocol is a noteworthy project because it aims to solve problems in the financial world by employing blockchain technology’s decentralized nature. INJ allows investors to participate in a genuinely decentralized finance (DeFi) organization, where they have the power to make changes happen and introduce new ideas. The Injective Chain blockchain is available for anyone to use, which is what makes it completely decentralized. It does not matter if you are a small-time investor or a big-time corporation; Injective Protocol offers the same level of influence and power to everyone. The blockchain allows you to trade a vast array of derivatives, CFDs and other forms of assets.While it introduces revolutionary technology to decentralize the world of exchanges and trading, Injective Protocol still operates on proven methods to make money. Makers and takers pay transaction fees in INJ, which allows the platform to continue working in a decentralized manner. Learn more about Solana.Check out Decred.Read more about Decentralization. Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.The total supply of Injective Protocol (INJ) tokens is 100,000,000. Currently, there are about 15,406,012 INJ tokens in circulation on the market. According to the official INJ white paper, there is necessary inflation set to 7% at the launch of INJ tokens so that nodes are incentivized to validate transactions on the blockchain. This inflation rate is gradually going to decrease over time and reach 2%.The way INJ tokens are distributed is based on aggregate profit-and-loss. In essence, the more INJ tokens you hold, the more you will receive when redistributions occur, as your wallet has a more significant weighted value. This ensures the decentralized nature of the exchange. The Injective Protocol blockchain operates on a proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism. This is one of the more prominent similarities INJ has with the Ethereum blockchain. To use the mechanism of the Ethereum Virtual Machine, INJ relies on PoS for security.Proof-of-stake is an alternative consensus to the popular proof-of-work (PoW) consensus used by Bitcoin. PoS has numerous advantages in terms of required power input for mining, scalability and usability. The consensus also plays an essential role in ensuring the decentralized manner of operation for the whole network.Injective Protocol (INJ) tokens are available on most major exchanges. Binance has the highest INJ/USD trading volume at $12,687,084. This is the most popular exchange for purchasing INJ.Other good options include Bilaxy, Huobi Global and Uniswap. It is important to note that buying cryptocurrency comes with risk, just like traditional investing. Learn more about buying crypto with us.', 'website': 'https://injectiveprotocol.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/InjectiveLabs', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.injectiveprotocol.com/#introduction', 'other_links': ['injectiveprotocol.com', 'https://discord.com/invite/pJZqagr', 'https://t.me/joininjective'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/injectivelabs', 'https://reddit.com/r/injective'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Derivatives', 'Smart Contracts', 'Staking', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Binance Launchpad', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 151, 'name': 'Venus', 'symbol': 'XVS', 'id': '7288', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/venus/', 'slug': 'venus', 'max_supply': '30,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://venus.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/SwipeWallet/Venus-Protocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://venus.io/Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['venus.io', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/VenusProtocol'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Yield farming', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Binance Launchpool', 'Lending / Borrowing']} ,
{'rank': 152, 'name': 'Fetch.ai', 'symbol': 'FET', 'id': '3773', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/fetch/', 'slug': 'fetch', 'max_supply': '1,152,997,575', 'about': 'Fetch.ai is a platform that aims to connect Internet of Things (IoT) devices and algorithms to enable their collective learning. It was launched in 2017 by a team based in Cambridge, UK.Fetch.ai is built on a high-throughput sharded ledger and offers smart contract capabilities to deploy machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions for decentralized problem-solving.These open-source tools are designed to help users create ecosystem infrastructure and deploy commercial models.Fetch.ai was founded by Toby Simpson, Humayun Sheikh and Thomas Hain.Humayun Sheikh is the current CEO of Fetch.ai. He is also the CEO and founder of Mettalex and the founder of uVue and itzMe. Toby Simpson is the COO of Fetch.ai. He was also the CTO at Ososim Limited, as well as head of software design at DeepMind. Thomas Hain is the Chief Science Officer of Fetch.ai. Before that, he was a co-founder and director of Koemei.Fetch.ai’s utility token FET was designed to find, create, deploy and train autonomous economic agents and is an essential part of smart contracts and oracles on the platform.Through the usage of FET, users can build and deploy their own agents on the network. Developers, by paying with FET tokens, can access machine-learning-based utilities to train autonomous agents and deploy collective intelligence on the network.Validation nodes are also enabled by staking FET tokens, which facilitates network validation and reputation as a result.The Fetch.ai technology stack has four distinct elements, which are:The Agent Framework — provides modular and reusable components that aid in building multi-agent systems.The Open Economic Framework — provides search and discovery functions to agents.The Agent Metropolis — a collection of smart contracts that run on a WebAssembly (WASM) virtual machine to maintain an immutable record of agreements between agents. The Fetch.ai Blockchain — combines multi-party cryptography and game theory in order to provide secure, censorship-resistant consensus as well as rapid chain-syncing to support agent applications.When it comes to the platform’s core components, there is the learner where each participant is the learner in the experiment, representing a unique private dataset and machine learning system. There is also the global market, which is the result of a collective learning experiment, where the machine learning model is trained collectively by the learners themselves. Next, there is the Fetch.ai Blockchain that supports smart contracts which permit coordination and governance in a secure and auditable way. Lastly, there is the decentralized data layer based on IPFS which enables the sharing of machine learning weights between all of the learners involved.Learn about Basic Attention Token.Learn about Komodo.Learn how much Coinbase shares cost on CMC Alexandria.Learn more about cryptocurrencies on the CoinMarketCap blog.Fetch.ai (FET) has a circulating supply of 746,113,681 tokens as of February 2021, with a maximum supply of 1,152,997,575 FET.Through the use of blockchain technology, the network is completely decentralized. Further security is provided by differential privacy which helps avoid exposing users’ private data sets when generating updates. Fetch.ai’s blockchain also supports a combination of multi-party cryptography and game theory, providing secure and censorship-resistant consensus.If you want to buy, sell or trade Fetch.ai (FET), you can do so on the following exchanges:If you are unfamiliar with how purchasing cryptocurrency works, you can learn how to buy Bitcoin in our guide here.', 'website': 'https://t.me/fetch_ai', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/fetchai', 'whitepaper': 'https://fetch.ai/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/technical-introduction.pdf', 'other_links': ['fetch.ai', 'community.fetch.ai', 'https://t.me/fetch_ai'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/fetch_ai', 'https://reddit.com/r/FetchAI_Community'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem', 'AI & Big Data', 'Binance Launchpad']} ,
{'rank': 153, 'name': 'IoTeX', 'symbol': 'IOTX', 'id': '2777', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/iotex/', 'slug': 'iotex', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': 'Starting as an open-source project in 2017, IoTeX has built a decentralized platform whose aim is to empower the open economics for machines — an open ecosystem where people and machines can interact with guaranteed trust, free will, and under properly designed economic incentives.With a global team of over 40 research scientists and engineers, IoTeX has built their EVM-compatible blockchain from scratch using the innovative Roll-DPoS consensus and launched in 2019 April, which has been running by 100+ delegates worldwide and has processed more than 10 million transactions already. On top of the IoTeX blockchain, the team has built the essential blocks of infrastructures to connect with Ethereum, BSC, and Heco blockchains such as ioPay wallet (https://iopay-wallet.iotex.io/) and ioTube bridge (https://tube.iotex.io/), which serve ten thousands of users. IoTeX helps EVM-based DApps scale without concerning expensive gas fees!Besides, middleware such as Decentralized Identity, Confidential Computing, and Secure Hardware has been built on top of IoTeX blockchain to enable self-sovereign devices such as Ucam real-world oracle such as Pebble. The former (https://ucam.iotex.io/) has been deployed to 3000+ households (http://iott.network/) and still proliferates. In contrast, the latter has been launched to 300+ developers initially and enables innovative Dapps that connect the physical world with the crypto world, such as real-world NFTs, weather derivatives, and machine learning-as-mining.The founders of IoTeX are Raullen Chai, Qevan Guo, Xinxin Fan, and Jing Sun.Besides being the co-founder of IoTeX, Raullen Chai is also an advisor at BootUP Ventures and is a member of the Industrial Distributed Ledger Task Group at Industrial Internet Consortium. He used to work as lead of crypto R&D and engineering security at Uber.Qevan Guo is also a co-founder of Hyperconnect Lab. He used to be a research scientist and engineering manager at Facebook.Before co-founding IoTeX, Xinxin Fan was a senior research engineer at Bosch Research and Technology Center, North America. He has also worked as a research associate and project manager at the University of Waterloo.Jing Sun also works as a managing partner at Sparkland Capital. She is an LP investor at Polychain Capital and an angel investor at Rippling.IoTeX is the decentralized backbone for machine economics which serves machines ranging from smart home devices to autonomous vehicles. To this end, IoTeX has built and launched a fast, high-performance, and EVM-compatible blockchain that provides flexibility and scalability for various applications. Also, middlewares and Dapps are built on top of the blockchain to bring self-sovereign devices and real-world oracles into reality.IOTX is the native coin that governs the underlying blockchain protocol while being used as the gas for the blockchain protocol. Burndrop (http://burndrop.iotex.io/) is a unique economical design that leads to deflation of IOTX while the number of devices orchestrated by IoTeX increases.Learn more about DREP.Learn more about TenX.Learn about mined coins at CMC Alexandria.Learn everything you need to know about crypto on the CoinMarketCap blog.As of March 2021, IOTX has a circulating supply of 9,644,304,442 tokens and a maximum supply of 10,000,000,000 IOTX.IoTeX has several mechanisms that ensure the privacy of users and transactions. Some of these are ring signatures and the reliable payment code that hides the transaction receiver’s address. Delegated proof-of-stake works by having stakeholders vote for the block producers on the network. The number of block producers is set and once they are elected, they are responsible for adding new blocks to the blockchain.For doing it, they receive rewards that they can distribute to the stakeholders who voted for them, incentivizing block producers to continue working and stakeholders to continue voting for block producers. IoTeX (IOTX) can be bought and sold on many exchanges, including:If you are interested in learning more about how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) or other cryptocurrencies, read CoinMarketCap’s dedicated guide.', 'website': 'https://www.iotex.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/iotexproject/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.iotex.io/research', 'other_links': ['www.iotex.io', 'https://t.me/IoTeXGroup'], 'explorers': ['www.iotexscan.io', 'iotxplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/iotex_io', 'https://reddit.com/r/IoTex'], 'property': ['Platform', 'IoT', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 154, 'name': 'Ardor', 'symbol': 'ARDR', 'id': '1320', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ardor/', 'slug': 'ardor', 'max_supply': '998,999,495', 'about': "Ardor is a multichain blockchain platform with a parent-child chain architecture. The security of the whole network is provided by the parent Ardor chain while\nthe interoperable child chains have all the functionality. The team believes that this design and access to hybrid user permissioning capabilities are the key to the flexibility necessary for a variety of use cases and opens the door towards the mainstream adoption of blockchain technology. Ardor was created with scalability in mind and solves many existing industry problems such as blockchain bloat, single token dependency, and the need for easily customizable-yet-compatible blockchain solutions. Ardor is based on Nxt technology and claims to offer the first pure proof of stake consensus algorithm. Ardor's first child chain is Ignis. Development of all three tokens (ARDR, IGNIS, NXT) is managed by Jelurida Swiss SA.", 'website': 'https://t.me/ardorplatform', 'source_code': 'https://bitbucket.org/Jelurida/ardor/src', 'whitepaper': 'https://ardordocs.jelurida.com', 'other_links': ['www.jelurida.com/ardor', 'www.ardorplatform.org', 'https://t.me/ardorplatform'], 'explorers': ['ardor.tools', 'ardorportal.org'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'ardorforum.org', 'talk.jelurida.com', 'https://twitter.com/ardorplatform', 'https://reddit.com/r/ardor'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'State channels']} ,
{'rank': 155, 'name': 'Swipe', 'symbol': 'SXP', 'id': '4279', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/swipe/', 'slug': 'swipe', 'max_supply': '239,612,084', 'about': "Swipe is a platform that looks to form a bridge between the fiat and cryptocurrency worlds with its three main existing products: the Swipe multi-asset mobile wallet, the Swipe cryptocurrency-funded debit card and the Swipe Token (SXP). The Swipe wallet acts as the main access point to the Swipe ecosystem and can be used to store and manage a wide variety of assets — including both cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies. The wallet can also be used to manage Swipe's second product — the Swipe debit card. This debit allows users to spend their cryptocurrencies at Visa payment terminals and comes in a variety of flavors, each of which offer increasing perks and benefits.This ecosystem is powered by the Swipe Token (SXP), which functions as the fuel for the Swipe Network, and is used for paying transaction fees. Holders of SXP tokens are eligible for exclusive discounts on the Swipe app and the token can be used for making fiat payments with the Swipe debit card. Swipe was founded by Joselito Lizarondo, an early Bitcoin investor and individual with a wealth of experience in startup businesses. Lizarondo currently serves as CEO of the platform. In addition, former senior creator at Vibial Group John Khenneth is the Swipe’s COO, while Anecita Sotomil — a former tax and legal officer at PricewaterhouseCoopers — is its chief legal officer (CLO). Lastly, the Swipe executive team is rounded out with newly added CTO Henry Niduaza, an accomplished two-time CTO with more than thirty years of experience in banks, retail and fintech. The entire Swipe team comprises just over a dozen individuals, including developers, engineers, marketing and community management staff. Swipe is the first crypto-oriented position for the majority of current team members. In July 2020, it was announced that Swipe was acquired by Binance — one of the world's leading digital asset exchanges — for an undisclosed sum.Swipe is designed to allow users to take full control over both their crypto and fiat finances through its easy to use mobile application and associated range of crypto debit cards.One of its key distinguishing features is its usability. Swipe is designed to be accessible to users of all experience levels, making it a simple task to store and manage cryptocurrencies on the Swipe wallet app, or spend cryptocurrencies using the Swipe Visa debit card.As previously touched on, the Swipe (SXP) token sits at the core of the Swipe ecosystem. Users will need to hold a fixed minimum amount of SXP to be eligible to purchase a Swipe Sky, Steel or Slate debit card — and hence benefit from the perks these offer, such as up to 8% cash back on purchases, improved spending limits and zero foreign transaction fees. By making it extremely simple to convert cryptocurrencies to fiat, which can then be spent using the Swipe debit card, Swipe targets the increasing number of cryptocurrency holders looking to use their assets for everyday purchases. It also generates revenue from transaction and exchange fees, which is used to support the expansion of the ecosystem and its rollout to new regions. Besides unlocking a variety of perks for holders, SXP can also be used for creating and voting on governance proposals, allowing holders to help shape the development of the Swipe ecosystem. Read about MCO — a utility token launched by crypto debit card provider Crypto.com.Check out the NEXO token — a token used to unlock better interest rates at Nexo.Want to learn more about crypto debit cards? Check out our simple guide with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Stay on top of the industry with the CoinMarketCap blog.The Swipe (SXP) token has its maximum supply set at 300 million tokens. As of November 2020, just over a quarter of this is already in circulation.As per the project white paper, a total of 1.2 million SXP will be made available each month for ecosystem rewards, in addition to a further 600,000 SXP for company operations. On top of this, 10 million SXP will be made available annually for the Swipe team and founders.A total of 100% of the token supply will be reached by 2028, but this will likely be somewhat lower than 300 million tokens since 80% of all SXP used for transaction and withdrawal fees will be burned. This on-chain burn process will continue until the circulating supply is brought down to 100 million. SXP holders can also stake their SXP and bond it to the Swipe network to earn a fraction of the network rewards — capped at a total of 40,000 SXP per day. A proportional fraction of this sum is distributed to anybody staking more than 1,000 SXP.Swipe (SXP) is an ERC-20 token, as a result, its integrity is maintained by Ethereum's proof-of-work (POW) consensus mechanism and massive node network.Beyond this, Swipe Wallet users benefit from a $100 million insurance plan offered through Coinbase Custody, and have the ability to lock down their Swipe debit card whenever needed through the Swipe Wallet app. Swipe is authorized to distribute Visa debit cards in a variety of jurisdictions, including over 30 countries in Europe, but also recently received the green light to launch its wallet and Visa debit card products in the United States. The Swipe token is currently available to trade on more than 50 different exchanges, including several of the largest and most reputable platforms — including Binance, KuCoin and Poloniex. SXP is currently listed against a variety of cryptocurrencies, including Tether (USDT), Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH), as well as several fiat currencies, like Korean won (KRW), euros (EUR), and U.S. dollars (USD). For more information about purchasing cryptocurrencies with fiat, check out our comprehensive guide.", 'website': 'https://swipe.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/SwipeWallet', 'whitepaper': 'https://swipe.io/Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['swipe.io', 'Https://t.me/SwipeWallet'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/SwipeWallet', 'https://reddit.com/r/Swipe_io'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'DeFi', 'Payments', 'Wallet', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Alameda Research Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 156, 'name': 'Uquid Coin', 'symbol': 'UQC', 'id': '2273', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/uquid-coin/', 'slug': 'uquid-coin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'What is UQC? UQC is a decentralized virtual currency based on the ERC20 Token one of Ethereum Technological trends. The goal of this blockchain asset is to supplement the development of UQUID Ecosystem. In this virtual revolution, token holders will have the benefit of instantly and effortlessly cashing out their token.Smart contracts, smarter shoppingUquid is aiming to establish a bridge between DeFi and e-commerce through Defito, a new ecosystem featuring concepts that haven’t been seen in the retail sector before.Shopping mining means that new tokens or coins are generated every time a customer buys an item and smart contracts are used to ensure that these assets can be put toward other purchases in the future. The process is automatic and immediate, delivering much-needed enhancements that eliminate some of the flaws associated with loyalty schemes right now.There are also features inspired by automated market makers, the smart contracts that create liquidity pools of tokens. In this ecosystem, automated shopping making brings together pools of goods created by many suppliers. Customers can then connect directly to this pool and track the quantity of products available and their price, allowing them to get a better deal on items that they wish to purchase.In time, it is hoped that these smart contracts will allow merchants and shoppers to connect without an intermediary — reducing costs for everyone. Uquid believes that DeFi can help e-commerce businesses grow quickly and reach a broader cross-section of customers around the world. The company is also confident that its approach could transform global trade.One of the first places where people can shop using this ecosystem is Uquid’s digital shop, which is home to more than 40,000 digital products including video games, gift cards, subscriptions and mobile top-ups. The platform uses a Lightning Network node that helps to speed up transactions, all while making them cheaper. New products are added on a daily basis, and the e-commerce site is planning to add physical items in the near future.Brick-and-mortar retail is on the decline, and retailers are getting innovative as they compete for attention in a crowded marketplace. Fresh from shaking up the financial sector, DeFi could be coming to a shopping basket near you.', 'website': 'https://uquidcoin.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://uquidcoin.com/pdf/UQC%20-%20Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['uquidcoin.com', 'https://t.me/uquidcoinofficial'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/uquidcard'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'DeFi', 'Payments'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Commodities', 'Marketplace', 'Medium of Exchange', 'Services']} ,
{'rank': 157, 'name': 'The Sandbox', 'symbol': 'SAND', 'id': '6210', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/the-sandbox/', 'slug': 'the-sandbox', 'max_supply': '3,000,000,000', 'about': 'Launched in 2011 by Pixowl, The Sandbox is a blockchain-based virtual world allowing users to create, build, buy and sell digital assets in the form of a game. By combining the powers of decentralized autonomous organizations (DAO) and non-fungible tokens (NFTs), the Sandbox creates a decentralized platform for a thriving gaming community.According to the official whitepaper, the Sandbox platform’s main mission is to introduce blockchain technology in mainstream gaming successfully. The platform focuses on facilitating a creative “play-to-earn” model, which allows users to be both creators and gamers simultaneously. The Sandbox employs the powers of blockchain technology by introducing the SAND utility token, which facilitates transactions on the platform. Arthur Madrid is co-founder and CEO at Pixowl, and he is one of the driving forces behind The Sandbox. He graduated with a degree in economics from Université Paris Dauphine in 2000. Madrid’s professional career began as a consultant for Eurogroup Consulting France, but he soon found his entrepreneurial spirit. In 2001, he founded 1-Click Media, which was later purchased by Ipercast. Sebastien Borget is also a co-founder at Pixowl and serves as the COO of the company. He graduated with a degree in computer systems networking and telecommunications from Institut national des Télécommunications in 2007. His professional career began as a project lead for 1-Click Media, and since then, Arthur Madrid and Sebastien Borget have been an entrepreneurial duo. They founded Pixowl in 2011 and have been continually working on projects together.The Sandbox is a unique platform because it introduces blockchain technology to the world of gaming. The gaming industry is a huge untapped market when it comes to the adoption of blockchain tech, and Pixowl saw that in 2011. By creating a universe where gamers can create and collect blockchain-based assets, the Sandbox aims to revolutionizes the market. It makes a niche for itself in the global market of gaming. By focusing on user-generated content, the Sandbox creates a metaverse of involved players who contribute to the platform’s further development. Not only that, by introducing the SAND token, the Sandbox promotes decentralized governance and allows users to share their views and ideas about the development of the project. Thanks to the evolving technology, decentralized governance is becoming a must-have in blockchain-based projects.The company started out with a bang and attracted support and investments from numerous big names in the gaming industry. These include brands like Atari, Helix and CryptoKitties. Read more about Enjin Coin.Find out more about Decentraland.Learn more about DApps.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.There is a maximum and total supply of 3,000,000,000 SAND tokens. Currently, about 680,266,194 SAND tokens are in active circulation, which represents 23% of the total supply available as of March 2021.Of the total token supply, about 25.82% was set aside in a company reserve. Another 17.18% were allocated for the seed sale of the token. The founders and team members secured about 31% of the total token supply distributed among them. Around 12% of the total supply were set aside for a dedicated Binance Launchpad Sale, and another 10% were dedicated as rewards to advisors on the project. As the Sandbox virtual world is built on top of the Ethereum blockchain, it is secured by the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism. The SAND token is a standard version ERC-20 token, which means owners can stake it and benefit from staking rewards. Unlike the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus mechanism employed by the Bitcoin blockchain, PoS does not require vast amounts of electrical or computing power to validate transactions. It relies on stakeholders with the largest holdings in SAND tokens. The PoS consensus mechanism allows for a lot of diverse applications while still ensuring the security of staked funds. The Sandbox is enjoying a rise in interest from both investors and users, and more exchanges have started offering trades with the SAND token. Binance has the largest trading volume of SAND/BUSD, with $7,015,941 processed in transactions so far as of March 2021.Other options for buying SAND include Uniswap (V2), Gate.io, and LATOKEN.Find more information about buying cryptos.', 'website': 'https://www.sandbox.game/en/', 'whitepaper': 'http://www.sandbox.game/The_Sandbox_Whitepaper_2020.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.sandbox.game/en/', 'https://discord.gg/vAe4zvY', 'https://t.me/sandboxgame'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/thesandboxgame'], 'application': ['Metaverse'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs', 'Content Creation', 'Gaming', 'Binance Launchpad'], 'platform': ['Ethereum']} ,
{'rank': 158, 'name': 'Energy Web Token', 'symbol': 'EWT', 'id': '5268', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/energy-web-token/', 'slug': 'energy-web-token', 'max_supply': '100,000,000', 'about': 'Energy Web Token (EWT) is the operational token behind the Energy Web Chain, a blockchain-based virtual machine designed to support and further application development for the energy sector. Energy Web Chain was launched in June 2019. The Energy Web Foundation is the non-profit enterprise behind the project. EWT aims to bring diversity to the energy sector by allowing developers to create decentralized applications (DApps). The virtual machine has the potential to benefit actors from all areas of energetics, including grid operators, software developers, and vendors.Energy Web Token is a joint project between Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) and Grid Singularity (GSy). Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) is a leading name in research and development in the energy sector. As a prominent think tank, RMI has participated in many revolutionary projects in the energy sector. By creating the Energy Web Chain, RMI wanted to employ blockchain technology’s decentralized power to allow actors from the energy sector to develop new decentralized solutions. Grid Singularity (GSy) brought blockchain expertise to the project. As a blockchain developer, GSy was the powerhouse behind the creation of the Energy Web Chain. With renowned experts, core Ethereum blockchain developers, experienced energy executives, and energy regulators, GSy was an integral part for EWT to launch. When creating the Energy Web Chain, founders RMI and GSy were looking to launch a versatile blockchain solution for a wide range of applications in the energy sector. One of the main selling points of EWT is that it offers enterprises the opportunity to create completely customized decentralized apps. While blockchains like Ethereum also provide this diversity, Energy Web Chain was purposefully designed for the energy sector. Considering the fact that the Energy Web Chain is created with enterprise use in mind, it supports state-of-the-art scalability and data privacy. The foundation also recently released a stacked tech solution called Energy Web Decentralized Operating System (EW-DOS). It allows users to control and manage their electrical systems online. The Energy Web Token is currently placed at one hundred and second place according to the CoinMarketCap token ranking as of February 2021. Find out more about Power Ledger.Check out Restart Energy MWAT.Read more about Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT).Visit the CoinMarketCap blog.The Energy Web Foundation plans to release a maximum supply of 100,000,000 EWT tokens over ten years after the initial release date. Currently, there are 48,638,535 EWT tokens available on the market for trading. Out of the total supply, 14,093,276 tokens were distributed to the Energy Web Team as an endowment. Another 10,000,000 ETW tokens were given to two founding organizations; however, there is a waiting period until June 2021, when these tokens will become tradable. A further 4,061,709 tokens were dedicated to a community fund, which should continue increasing over ten years. The Energy Web virtual machine operates under a proof-of-authority (PoA) consensus. This means that the blockchain relies on trusted validators for the creation of new blocks. The PoA consensus is an alternative validation method, and it allows faster processing times than the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus. While the EWT coin is not an ERC-20 token, the Energy Web team has created the alternative EWT Bridged (EWTB) token, allowing EWT coins to be transferred to the Ehtereum mainnet. This makes the EWT coin extraordinarily versatile and allows for interoperability across different blockchains. As the Energy Web Token is rising in popularity, it is becoming increasingly available across a wide range of exchanges. The top-rated exchange for EWT trading is KuCoin, with an EWT/USD trading volume of $383,098.Next up is Liquid with an EWT/BTC trading volume of $173,637. Last but not least, EWT is becoming more popular on Hotbit, with an EWT/BTC trading volume of $65,375. It is important to note that investing in EWT carries a risk, just like any other type of investment.Read more about buying cryptocurrency.', 'website': 'https://www.energyweb.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/energywebfoundation/ewc-system-contracts', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.energyweb.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/EnergyWeb-EWDOS-VisionPurpose-vFinal-20191211.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.energyweb.org', 'https://t.me/energyweb'], 'explorers': ['explorer.energyweb.org', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['www.energyweb.org', 'medium.com', 'www.energyweb.org', 'https://twitter.com/energywebx', 'https://reddit.com/r/EnergyWeb'], 'property': ['Energy', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Identity', 'Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 159, 'name': 'FUNToken', 'symbol': 'FUN', 'id': '1757', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/funtoken/', 'slug': 'funtoken', 'max_supply': '10,999,873,621', 'about': 'The FUNToken is an asset developed specifically for the online gambling and gaming industry. FUNToken combines the qualities of the Ethereum blockchain with a cutting-edge tech stack, making FUN a powerful resource for players, platforms, and developers alike. FUN supports a new age of digital gaming:Fast - Maximise your playing time with rapid wallet-to-wallet and in-game transactions.\nTransparent - Transactions are decentralised, publicly recorded, and trackable.\nSeamless - FUNToken is an ERC20 token. The Ethereum blockchain makes processes faster and easier.\nOpen - Players, casinos, and developers: everyone can harness FUNToken’s power.\nSecure - Ownership of FUNToken is completely anonymous.\nExisting product development and extension actively encourages other gaming operators to take advantage of the FUNToken ecosystem and player base thus increasing usage of the token.\nCurrent product developments include a new casino and other gaming opportunities using the FUNToken, all designed to be simple and easy for end users.In the future, FUNToken intends to launch a NewToken on a sidechain which is more performant and less expensive than Ethereum. This token will only be available through a 1:1 bridge mechanism with FUN. Users will have to escrow their FUN in order to acquire the new token, reducing the trading supply which will ultimately increase demand.\nOn-chain peer-to-peer gaming including casino, sports betting and poker on the NewToken – enabling frictionless and fast operation.\nA strategic burn schedule for the FUNToken ensures that the FUNToken retains value into the future.FUNToken seeks to revolutionize a booming industry. The online gaming sector is popular as it is; however, with the introduction of blockchain technology to its fundamentals, more people are bound to enter it, according to FUNToken. In addition, building a gaming website on the blockchain allows the introduction of crypto assets to the platform, thus diversifying funding options. This means that crypto enthusiasts can effortlessly invest their crypto assets in online gaming and casinos, according to FUNToken. Last but not least, FUNToken is Ethereum-based, which means that the platform is scalable and can incorporate decentralized applications, which is not possible with traditional gaming websites. Have you heard of PowerTrade Fuel?Find out more about Origin Protocol.Read more about cold storage wallets.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.FUN tokens are pre-minted with no further issuances in sight. There is a maximum supply of 17 billion FUN tokens created in an official FUN pre-sale on June 22, 2017. More than 80% of all tokens were distributed to industrial investors and purchasers during this pre-sale event.While 11.173B of the minted tokens were reserved for a second pre-sale, it was later removed from the schedule. More than half of these reserved tokens (55%) were burned, as they were categorized as surplus. The remaining 4.7B tokens were transferred to a cold storage wallet and secured for future sale to institutions or large token buyers.As an Ethereum-based ERC-20 token, FUN is operating under the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus method. PoS was created as an alternative for the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus used by Bitcoin. While PoW requires a significant amount of processing power for tokens to be mined, PoS distributes mining capabilities based on already acquired tokens.Many analysts point out that PoS is an easily scalable consensus method, which allows for greater flexibility in terms of use cases. Consequently, this is becoming a much more popular consensus method in recent years. FUNToken is becoming increasingly popular, which is why more exchanges have started offering trades with his crypto token. One of the more popular choices is Binance, which also has the largest FUN/USDT trading volume at $4,266,292.Other choices include LATOKEN, and Bitrue, which have the second and third largest trading volumes after Binance. Read more on buying crypto.', 'website': 'https://funtoken.io/', 'other_links': ['funtoken.io', 'https://t.me/officialFUNToken', 'https://discord.gg/TM5mcfpm'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/funtoken_io', 'https://reddit.com/r/FUN_Token'], 'property': ['Gambling', 'Marketplace', 'Payments', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 160, 'name': 'Augur', 'symbol': 'REP', 'id': '1104', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/augur/', 'slug': 'augur', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'http://www.augur.net/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/AugurProject', 'other_links': ['www.augur.net'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/AugurProject', 'https://reddit.com/r/augur'], 'property': ['Platform', 'DeFi', 'Oracles', 'Prediction Markets', 'Reputation', 'Storage', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 161, 'name': 'MCO', 'symbol': 'MCO', 'id': '1776', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/crypto-com/', 'slug': 'crypto-com', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'The Crypto.com project was founded in 2016 with the intention of helping everyone control their money, data and identity. It currently has over 1 million people on its platform and provides an alternative to traditional financial services. The idea of having cryptocurrency in every wallet is increasing as a result, and it is being built on solid security, privacy and most importantly, compliance, as it is the first cryptocurrency company to have CCSS Level 3, ISO 27001:2013 and PCI:DSS 3.2.1, Level 1 compliance. Its headquarters are in Hong Kong.The Monaco (MCO) cryptocurrency is a payment platform that rebranded itself as Crypto.com back in 2018. It offers blockchain-based debit cards and a mobile wallet application. It is essentially a token for blockchain-based payment applications and trades under the symbol MCO. The founders of MCO are Kris Marszalek, Rafael Melo and Gary Or.The story behind MCO is quite interesting due to the fact that the founders simply wanted to help people bring back control over their money, data and identity.Kris Marszalek is the CEO and co-founder of Crypto.com, after moving on from Ensogo and iBuy Group Limited. He also co-founded BEECRAZY, an e-commerce business in Hong Kong.Rafelo Melo is the CFO and co-founder of Crypto.com, which he joined after moving on from Ensogo as a CFO, and from Embraer SA as the regional finance director of Asia Pacific.Gary Or is the CTO and co-founder of crypto.com, as well as the founder of Particle B and the co-founder of Foris Limited, a universal money app in Asia.In November of 2018, Crypto.com launched with a new token, the Crypto.com Chain, that was trading as CRO. By the middle of 2019, they launched their debit and credit cards within Asia and the U.S. The range of products included an MCO Visa Card, a Mobile Wallet App, the MCO Token itself, and the MCO Crypto Invest Services.The MCO Visa prepaid card helped the customers buy and spend cryptocurrency easily, while the MCO wallet and cash app allowed them to manage and buy cryptocurrencies on the smartphones themselves in a streamlined and efficient way. The cards also offered free ATM withdrawals, tap-and-pay features, no annual fees or minimum balance requirements, up to 5% back on all local or overseas spending and free shipping.Learn more about Bytom.The CRO Token enables cross-asset intermediary currency settlement for the native Crypto.com Chain. In Feb. 19, 2019, the MCO tokens had the market cap of more than $47 million. The peak was achieved in January of 2018 when it reached a value of $243 million.30% of the tokens were sold as part of the ICO crowd sale, and 25% was kept by the founders, with 10% retained by the company and 5% given to advisors. The last 30% was held as reserve tokens.When it comes to the MCO Network security, Crypto.com secured a US$100M direct insurance policy through Arch Underwriting at Lloyd’s Syndicate 2012.All funds held in the hot wallets are corporate funds and leverage hardware security modules and multi-signature key-generation technologies. These are used to ensure withdrawal requests.The fiat currency is kept at custodian bank accounts that are secured and fully regulated. Crypto.com also uses AWS, or Amazon Web Services, and as such has network and web application firewall capabilities, controller encryption in transit through the Transport Layer Security, automatic encryption of all of the traffic and business continuity. It is important to note that Crypto.com also has designed compliance and risk management officers who implement compliance policies and procedures while also performing internal reviews to ensure that everything is in full compliance with all of the regulatory requirements. The exchanges where you can buy, trade or sell MCO are currently:Huobi GlobalOKExVCC ExchangeBinance JEXGate.ioIf this is your first time purchasing a cryptocurrency, take a deep dive into Bitcoin buying with our official guide.', 'website': 'https://crypto.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://crypto.com/images/mco_whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['crypto.com', 'https://t.me/CryptoComOfficial', 'https://discord.gg/B6cZahJ'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['t.me', 'blog.crypto.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/cryptocom', 'https://reddit.com/r/Crypto_com'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange']} ,
{'rank': 162, 'name': 'Unibright', 'symbol': 'UBT', 'id': '2758', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/unibright/', 'slug': 'unibright', 'max_supply': '150,000,000', 'about': 'Unibright is a member company of SPO Consulting GmbH, which was founded in 1989. The cloud-based integration platform was released in 2011; the cross-blockchain and cross-system business process integration of Unibright was launched in 2016.Unibright is backed by a team of experts in the field of blockchain, as well as architects, developers and consultants that have over 20 years of experience in business processes and integration. Unibright offers a unified framework with the goal of bringing blockchain technology and contracts to mainstream users. Unibright offers enterprise-level blockchain solutions, integration platforms and an ecosystem centered around tokenized assets. Unibright also plays an important role in the development of the Baseline Protocol. This protocol is designed to connect traditional systems to each other and notarize states on a public mainnet, such as Ethereum.Baseline Protocol is an open-source initiative. Acting as middleware, it combines advances in cryptography and messaging with blockchain in order to deliver secure and private business processes at a low cost.Baseline Protocol can automate B2B agreements without the need to create new blockchain silos and integrate new relationships with existing ones in a flexible manner and without the loss of system integrity. Furthermore, Baseline Protocol can enforce consistency between different parties’ records without the need to move the data from legacy systems. It can also enforce a multiparty workflow.The co-founders of Unibright are Marten Jung and Stefan Schmidt, both of which have over 20 years of experience in software development, process integration and technology consulting.Marten Jung is a co-founder and CEO at Unibright. Before UBT, he was a member of INATBA, and was the leading contributor to Ethereum mainnet integration for enterprises working group EMINENT.Stefan Schmidt is the co-founder and CTO at Unibright. He was also a technical steering committee member at Baseline-protocol.org and integration taskforce leader at Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.The Unibright Framework is a low-code business modeling and integration platform. It was created with the intention of helping enterprises to take advantage of blockchain technology.Unibright also implements DeFi and tokenization in its Unibright Freequity solution. Through this service, they offer token definition, token issuance, custodian services, exchanges and liquidity, integration, derivatives and portfolios.The Unibright Token, or UBT, is the utility token that is used in all of the above products. Possible uses for UBT include smart contract creation, smart contract connection, tokenization and workshops.With their no-coding-needed approach, smart contracts can be generated, deployed and even updated completely automatically into different blockchains. As a result, Unibright works with visual-based, use-case templates and can automatically integrate existing IT systems into the blockchain. Learn about Algorand. Learn about Litentry. Learn about Liquid vs. Illiquid Crypto Markets on CMC Alexandria.Increase your knowledge about the crypto industry on the CoinMarketCap blog.Unibright’s (UBT) circulating supply is 149,999,999 UBT tokens as of February 2021; no maximum supply data is currently available. As mentioned previously, Unibright plays an important role in the development of the Baseline Protocol, which offers extra privacy. It also enables confidential and complex collaboration between enterprises without exposing sensitive data on-chain. All of the participants in a business process set up microservice containers. \\\nThe Baseline API then acts as a gateway to all services within the container and the mainnet, providing a system for queue management.A secure messaging service that provides secure stateless message transport is also available, as well as a zero-knowledge-proof service that can generate proofs of private logic execution and consistency. As such, Unibright offers a unified framework that brings blockchain technology and smart contracts to mainstream use.Unibright (UBT) is available at multiple exchanges, including the following:If you are curious about learning how Bitcoin buying works, click here.', 'website': 'https://unibright.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://unibright.io/download/unibright_whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['unibright.io', 'https://t.me/unibright_io'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'explorer-mainnet.maticvigil.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/Unibrightio', 'https://reddit.com/r/Unibright']} ,
{'rank': 163, 'name': 'Numeraire', 'symbol': 'NMR', 'id': '1732', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/numeraire/', 'slug': 'numeraire', 'max_supply': '11,000,000', 'about': 'Numerai is an Ethereum-based platform allowing developers and data scientists to experiment and create machine learning models with improved reliability. The platform’s main goal is to bring decentralization to the data science field and allow developers to compete in creating effective machine learning prediction models. Founded in late 2015 in San Francisco, Numerai claims to be the first hedge fund to launch a cryptocurrency on the market. Unlike traditional hedge funds, however, Numerai relies on the data and predictions produced by tournament participants to participate in the stock market. They claim to be the first hedge fund to use machine learning so heavily in its investment strategy. Richard Craib is the founder and CEO of Numerai. He graduated from the University of Cape Town in 2008 and later acquired one more bachelor’s degree from Cornell University, and spent a year in UC Berkeley. His professional career started with founding Numerai and has taken him to a Forbes 30 under 30 designee position. Richard Craib is often cited for his innovative approach to hedge fund management and the revolutionary idea to rely so heavily on artificial intelligence for stock price prediction. Not only that, Numerai has created one of the largest global data science tournaments.Numerai and the Numeraire token are unique in terms of the idea behind their creation. This is reportedly the first cryptocurrency to be created and released by a hedge fund. One of the main benefits of the NMR token is that it is awarded to data scientists whose models perform well in the Numerai tournament. This means that the token becomes more valuable as more people enter the tournament and start competing.Not only that, but the models ventured for the tournament allow Numerai to actively participate in stock market trading based on the results revealed by participating projects. This innovative approach to stock trading makes Numerai one of the few hedge funds to rely significantly on AI-generated data predictions. Read more about Uniswap.Find out more about Tellor.Learn more about networks.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.The maximum supply of NMR is 11,000,000 tokens. The supply cap for Numeraire was initially 21 million tokens; however, the platform announced that it is going to cut this maximum by more than half in 2019. In a 2018 press release, Numerai announced that three million NMR tokens will remain locked until 2028, and will be released as a reward incentive for tournament participants. The Numeraire token did not undergo an initial coin offering (ICO). Instead, Numerai decided to distribute 1 million NMR tokens among 12,000 platform users with the highest activity statistics. NMR tokens are burned on a weekly basis, as tournament participants who venture losing models and predictions lose their stake in the competition.As an ERC-20 token, NMR is secured by the Ethereum proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism. This means that validators and block creators are selected based on the amount of NMR tokens they are currently staking. ERC-20 tokens are becoming increasingly popular as they offer higher versatility in terms of use. However, the Ethereum blockchain still provides the same level of protection as blockchains operating with other security protocols.Unlike other popular consensus mechanisms like proof-of-work (PoW), PoS does not rely on high consumption of electrical or computing power to create new tokens. This makes the consensus much more scalable and easily incorporated in different use cases. Numeraire is growing in popularity, as the hedge fund performs better, and more data scientists are participating in the weekly tournament. If you are looking to trade NMR, there are a number of exchanges now offering the token.Coinbase Pro has the highest trading volume for NMR/USD as of February 2021. Other relevant exchanges with high trading volumes include Binance, DigiFinex, and Bilaxy.Read more about buying crypto here.', 'website': 'https://numer.ai/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/numerai', 'whitepaper': 'https://numer.ai/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['numer.ai', 'https://t.me/NMR_Official'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['forum.numer.ai', 'https://twitter.com/numerai', 'https://reddit.com/r/numerai'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'AI & Big Data', 'DeFi', 'Payments', 'Research', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'USV Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Paradigm XZY Screener']} ,
{'rank': 164, 'name': 'Serum', 'symbol': 'SRM', 'id': '6187', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/serum/', 'slug': 'serum', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': 'Serum is a decentralized exchange (DEX) and an ecosystem that brings high speed and low transaction costs to decentralized finance (DeFi). It is permissionless and is built on the Solana blockchain.Serum was created to eliminate the vulnerabilities in the current DeFi space that exist due to incomplete decentralization. It is claimed to be fully decentralized and runs on a non-custodial exchange with cross-chain trading support and no know your customer (KYC) requirements. Solana is a web-scale blockchain that can reach 50,000 transactions per second. This is achieved through a verifiable delay function, known as SHA 265 hash chain, that enables optimistic concurrency control. Serum is developed by the Serum Foundation, which is backed by a group of experts in cryptocurrency, trading and decentralized finance. The project also has backing from a wide number of firms.Serum was co-founded by Sam Bankman-Fried. He is also the CEO of the FTX cryptocurrency derivatives exchange and a co-founder of the Alameda Research quantitative trading firm. Bankman-Fried also used to work as the director of development for The Centre for Effective Altruism and as a trader at Jane Street.Bankman-Fried graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a bachelor’s degree in physics. The SRM is a utility token used on the Serum ecosystem. Its cross-chain swap protocol allows users to exchange assets between blockchains in a trustless manner.Serum offers a decentralized automated full limit order book that provides traders with full control over each order. The full Ethereum and Solana integration makes Serum faster and more efficient while also allowing it to be interoperable with ERC20 tokens. The physically settled cross-chain contracts allow easy margin positions in DeFi on synthetic assets. SerumBTC is a model for creating ERC20- or Solana-based tokens for Bitcoin (BTC) and SerumUSD is a model for creating a decentralized USD-pegged stablecoin.Staking rewards are distributed on the basis of the nodes’ performance, which takes into account important on-chain actions, such as supplying blockchain histories for cross-chain settlement validation.Users can also stake towards another node. A portion of a node’s staking fees goes to the leader and all nodes receive staking results. These rewards increase through productive participation in node duties. Learn more about Enjin Coin.Learn more about Monero.Learn about Bitcoin Cash on CMC Alexandria.Learn more about the world of cryptocurrencies at the CoinMarketCap blog.Serum’s (SRM) circulating supply is at 50,000,000 SRM as of February 2021, with a maximum supply of 50,000,000 SRM.SRM is Serum’s governance token that is based on the Solana blockchain and has an ERC20 version. It has cross-chain support that enables the trustless exchange of assets between different blockchains. Serum uses a trustless bridge through a premier validator for distributed ledger technology (DLT). Serum (SRM) can be bought and sold on a number of exchanges, including the following:If you are new to buying, selling, or trading cryptocurrencies, you can read our Bitcoin buying guide.', 'website': 'https://projectserum.com/', 'source_code': 'https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v7NPdmotyetkytr1sVI6cQ1EV4D1ZILs9F6IDO5BkB0/edit', 'whitepaper': 'https://projectserum.com/serum_white_paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['projectserum.com', 'https://t.me/ProjectSerum', 'https://discord.gg/zxPsXcB'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'explorer.solana.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/projectserum'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Derivatives', 'Smart Contracts', 'Staking', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 165, 'name': 'Orbs', 'symbol': 'ORBS', 'id': '3835', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/orbs/', 'slug': 'orbs', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.orbs.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/orbs-network/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.orbs.com/white-papers', 'other_links': ['www.orbs.com', 'https://t.me/OrbsNetwork'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['www.orbs.com', 'https://twitter.com/orbs_network', 'https://reddit.com/r/ORBS_Network'], 'property': ['Services', 'Enterprise solutions']} ,
{'rank': 166, 'name': 'ABBC Coin', 'symbol': 'ABBC', 'id': '3437', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/abbc-coin/', 'slug': 'abbc-coin', 'max_supply': '1,500,000,000', 'about': "ABBC is a blockchain platform that enables secure payment transactions, helping to facilitate retail adoption of cryptocurrencies and make shopping online with digital assets a safer, more enjoyable experience for end-users. The platform offers three main products: a multi-platform wallet capable of supporting Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH), in addition to a variety of other native cryptocurrencies and ERC-20 tokens; an online shopping application that can be used to shop at over 50 online retailers with cryptocurrencies; and a cryptocurrency exchange platform that offers secure trading and low transaction fees. The ABBC Coin was created to give holders the ability to govern the development of the ABBC platform by delegating voting power to chosen block producers (BPs) — who are then able to vote on governance proposals. These governance proposals can be on a range of topics but might include launching strategic partnerships, implementing new features or expanding ABBC's services to new regions. Beyond this, ABBC Coins were created as a reward system for online shoppers and can be staked for regular rewards. ABBC is currently based on the EOSIO blockchain, which enables it to achieve up to 5,000 transactions per second (TPS) while remaining environmentally friendly due to its energy-efficient delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS) consensus mechanism. ABBC Coin was initially known as Alibabacoin but changed its name in March 2019 following a dispute with Chinese multinational e-commerce giant Alibaba. ABBC coin was co-founded by Jason Daniel Paul Philip, the platform’s current CEO, in combination with Hasan Abbas, its current CTO. Jason Daniel Paul Philip is an experienced full-stack developer, and an expert in both Javascript and C#, as well as an accomplished blockchain developer, who also holds the role of M&A manager at TNC Group — a blockchain service solution provider. On the other hand, Hasan Abbas doesn’t have much of an online presence, and his background is unknown. Arben Kane is ABBC’s global chief strategy officer and also both founder and CEO of Kontur, a global provider of SaaS-based critical event management solutions. G.W Lee is the CSO of ABBC Coin and Zeeshan Javeed leads the ABBC foundation technological development and solutions. The entire team of ABBC has 23 members in its blockchain developer team, 15 individuals in its marketing team, four in its blockchain security team and three in its finance team.The main mission of ABBC is to facilitate fast, efficient and secure online retail through the utilization of blockchain technology. Small to medium-size marketplaces can greatly benefit from the reduction in the payment processing fees and access to additional global markets offered by ABBC Coin, according to their team. Although ABBC started out as a fork of Bitcoin (BTC), it transitioned to the EOSIO blockchain in August 2019. The central benefit of the EOSIO software is that the amount of bandwidth available is independent of the token price, making it suitable for scaling platforms like ABBC Coin. Moreover, ABBC is focused on achieving full decentralization through community governance. In addition to the current team, holders of the ABBC Coin token have voting power which can be delegated so others can vote on their behalf. Block producers (BP) can vote on ABBC’s governance proposals, helping to shape the development and future of ABBC Coin. Check out PumaPay (PMA), a popular crypto payment solution for merchants.Take a look at EOS, the native asset to the EOSIO blockchain.Get up to speed with popular crypto terms with the CoinMarketCap Crypto Glossary.Read the latest market trends and insights at the CoinMarketCap Blog.ABBC Coin has its total supply set at a maximum of 1,423,973,934 ABBC. As of writing, just under half of this is currently in circulation. Unlike many blockchain projects, ABBC Coin has a relatively simple token distribution schedule, with 80% of tokens created during the token generation event (TGE) allocated to investors and 20% to the project authors and team. The exact information about how these tokens will be distributed, or under which conditions they will be used by the ABBC Foundation and team has not been made publicly available as of November 2020.The project conducted an initial coin offering (ICO) in 2018, raising ~$3.5 million by selling ABBC Coins at a price of 0.00025 BTC per token—equivalent to roughly $1.60 each at the time of the sale. ABBC Coin was initially forked from Bitcoin, but later transitioned to the EOSIO blockchain. As a result, it now utilizes the EOSIO DPoS consensus algorithm to secure its network. This algorithm can validate transactions faster and more efficiently than its original proof-of-work (POW) consensus algorithm and also benefits from stake-weighted voting capabilities, enabling community-driven development and growth for ABBC Coin. With ABBC Coin, any token holder can vote for block producers (BPs) who are tasked with achieving consensus with other BPs, helping to ensure the network remains secure and that only valid transactions are confirmed. By allowing the community to vote to add, change or remove block producers, ABBC gives token holders the opportunity to empower entities they believe will work in the best interests of the network. ABBC has been publicly trading since 2018 and is now listed on a wide variety of exchange platforms, including BitMax, Bithumb and Hotbit. As it stands, ABBC is only available to trade against Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Tether (USDT) — there are currently no fiat trading pairs available for ABBC Coin. To purchase other cryptocurrencies with your debit or credit card, check out our simple guide — here.", 'website': 'https://abbccoin.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ABBCTEAM', 'whitepaper': 'https://abbccoin.com/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['abbccoin.com', 'https://t.me/abbcfoundation'], 'explorers': ['e.abbcnet.io'], 'community': ['abbccoin.com', 'https://twitter.com/abbcfoundation'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Payments'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 167, 'name': 'Phala Network', 'symbol': 'PHA', 'id': '6841', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/phala-network/', 'slug': 'phala-network', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Phala Network is a\xa0privacy-preserving cloud computing service, which offers computing power comparable to existing cloud services and protects the privacy of managed programs. Based on TEE-Blockchain Hybrid Architecture, developers can deploy confidential smart contracts running inside the TEE Enclaves in the CPU.Phala is also based on Substrate, and will run as a parachain of Polkadot ecosystem.There is a maximum supply of\xa010 billion PHA, and as of February 26, 14.7% of it in circulation. Hang Yin: Founder and Lead Developer of Bitcoin Gold. Senior Developer of Google. 10 years of coding experience.【Linkedn】【Github】Marvin Tong: Senior Product Manager with 3 years experience. Worked in Tencent and Didi which are both the biggest Internet companies in China. Good at Product Design and Business Development. 【Linkedn】Zhe Wang: Hardware Engineer. A core member of Bitcoin Gold in China. 【Linkedn】Jun Jiang: CTO of KnewOne and Senior Software Architect in Dji. The lead of the RubyChina community. 【Github】Shunfan Zhou: Blockchain Security Research Scientist. Ph.D. candidate in Fudan University. 【Github】As one of the most potential Polkadot ecosystem projects in terms of privacy, PHA is available on some top-ranked exchanges including Binance, Huobi Global, Okex, Kucoin, Uniswap and 1inch. For the full list, check out here.Phala Network tackles the issue of trust in the computation cloud.Phala: Transparent and Private Global Computation Cloud.Should We Kick Hardware out of Blockchain?', 'website': 'https://phala.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Phala-Network', 'whitepaper': 'https://files.phala.network/phala-paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['phala.network', 'https://t.me/phalanetwork'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/PhalaNetwork'], 'property': ['AI & Big Data', 'Privacy', 'Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 168, 'name': 'Cartesi', 'symbol': 'CTSI', 'id': '5444', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/cartesi/', 'slug': 'cartesi', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': "Cartesi is taking smart contracts to the next level. It is solving the urgent problem of scalability and high fees on blockchains by implementing a variant of optimistic roll-ups. Most notably, Cartesi is revolutionizing smart contract programming by allowing developers to code with mainstream software stacks. Noether is Cartesi's side-chain that’s optimized for ephemeral data, providing low-cost data availability to DApps.What gives Cartesi a competitive edge as a layer-2 and optimistic rollups solution is that it allows developers to code their smart contracts and DApps directly with mainstream software components and Linux OS resources. That represents more than an incremental improvement to decentralized applications. It is a necessary step toward the maturity of the whole blockchain ecosystem. Allowing mainstream programmability means that DApp developers have an entirely new expressive power to create from simple to rather complex smart contracts. It also means opening the doors for extensive adoption of regular developers who have never programmed for blockchain, as they will create decentralized applications with a coding experience similar to desktop or web.The most important asset for Cartesi is a team of very strong professionals, researchers and engineers extremely excited to create and implement novelty in the blockchain space. Cartesi is made up of a team that comes from very high profile backgrounds, real-world experience at top companies such as Microsoft Research, and PhD’s from top universities like ETH Zurich and Princeton.To read about our story and see our full team, visit our about page.You can buy Cartesi (CTSI) on any supported exchange. For the latest list of exchanges and trading pairs for this cryptocurrency, visit the Cartesi ecosystem page.", 'website': 'https://cartesi.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/cartesi', 'whitepaper': 'https://cartesi.io/docs/', 'other_links': ['cartesi.io', 'https://t.me/cartesiproject', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/Pt2NrnS'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'explorer.cartesi.io', 'bscscan.com', 'explorer-mainnet.maticvigil.com'], 'community': ['t.me', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/cartesiproject'], 'property': ['Layer 2', 'Rollups', 'Data Availability Proof', 'Sidechain', 'Binance Launchpad'], 'self_reported_tags': ['PoS', 'Singapore', 'Smart Contracts', 'Ethereum', 'DApp', 'Staking', 'Smart Contracts', 'Platform', 'Seychelles', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Scaling']} ,
{'rank': 169, 'name': 'Civic', 'symbol': 'CVC', 'id': '1816', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/civic/', 'slug': 'civic', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Civic is a blockchain-based identity management solution that gives individuals and businesses the tools they need to control and protect personal identity information. The platform is designed to change the way we think about identity verification by giving users more control over their personal data, while allowing them to access a wide range of services without needing to fork over excessive amounts of personal information.Civic's identity verification solution uses distributed ledger technology to authorize identity usage in real time, and is used to sparingly share information with Civic partners after authorization by the user.  \\\nUnlike some other identity management services, Civic users store all their sensitive data on their mobile device. Users are able to authorize the sharing of specific personal data by providing a biometric signature through the Civic app. The Civic ecosystem is enabled by a unique utility token known as the Civic token (CVC), which is used for the settlement of identity-related transactions between Civic participants — such as between a customer and service provider.Users can earn CVC tokens for completing a variety of tasks, such as signing up for a service through the platform or introducing new users, while validators can earn CVCs for validating documents for service providers.Civic was launched in 2018, following a sell-out initial coin offering (ICO) the year prior.Civic was co-founded in 2015 by Vinny Lingham and Jonathan Smith.Vinny Lingham is a serial entrepreneur who appeared on Shark Tank South Africa in 2016, and has co-founded several prominent firms, including a South Africa-based investment fund known as Newtown Partners and Gyft — a Google ventures-backed digital card platform. Lingham is Civic’s CEO. Jonathan Smith is the current CTO of the platform and has more than 15 years of experience in the banking industry. Prior to his role at Civic, Smith held various managerial roles at prominent firms, including Deloitte MCS Limited and HSH Nordbank, and was the global head of Platforms at Genpact Headstrong Capital Markets.In addition to the founders, the Civic team includes a host of highly successful individuals, including COO Chris Hart, who has two decades of experience in senior finance, and previously held the role of CFO at Guidebook and Nextag. The official Civic LinkedIn page currently lists 38 employees, many of which are based in the San Francisco Bay Area.Civic is built to make it easy for users to verify their identity with service providers, while still retaining full control over their personal information. It allows businesses to onboard users faster using its AI-powered verification system, which when combined with human review helps businesses cut down on fraud and stay compliant with AML regulations and OFAC rules.As of December 2020, Civic has two main products: the Civic wallet and Health Key. The Civic wallet is a mobile cryptocurrency wallet that can be used to store a handful of popular cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), and USD Coin (USDC). The app doubles as a digital identity management solution, and benefits from a $1 million Bitcoin insurance plan provided by Coincover. Health Key is Civic’s newest product. This is an app that allows employers to securely verify the health status of employees, to ensure they are healthy enough to return to the workplace after an infection with COVID19 — such as if they test positive for antibodies or have been vaccinated. This is achieved without compromising the privacy of the employee. Check out Renme (REM) — an ecosystem of identity management products.Take a look at ShareRing (SHR) — a decentralized sharing economy with a self-sovereign identity module.Learn more about digital identity with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Stay on top of the market with the latest news, updates, and insights with the CoinMarketCap blog.As of late December 2020, there are exactly 670 million CVC tokens in circulation, representing 67% of the maximum 1 billion CVC total supply. The current circulating supply can be found in the right data panel.As per the Civic token sale website, a total of 1 billion CVC were minted, of which 33% were sold in the token sale; 33% is retained by Civic; 33% is allocated for incentives and rewards; and the remaining 1% was used to cover token sale costs.As of December 2020, the 330 million tokens allocated to Civic remains untouched. It is currently being held in a multi-signature Ethereum wallet, which can be tracked here. As an ERC-20 token, CVC is backed by the Ethereum blockchain — which is widely regarded to be of the most decentralized and secure proof-of-work (POW) networks in current usage. Over time, Ethereum will gradually transition to proof-of-stake (POS) with the roll-out of Ethereum 2.0. Once complete, the CVC token and associated transactions will be secured by a network of validator nodes.Digital identities secured through the Civic app are protected by the user’s own device, which customers use to control access to their data. The CVC token is highly liquid and can be traded on dozens of exchange platforms, including Binance, Coinbase Pro and Huobi Global. It is most commonly traded against Tether (USDT), the Korean won (KRW) and Bitcoin (BTC).For a full list of exchanges, check the market pairs section. To learn more about purchasing cryptocurrencies like CVC with fiat, check out our comprehensive guide.", 'website': 'https://www.civic.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://tokensale.civic.com/CivicTokenSaleWhitePaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.civic.com'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/civickey', 'https://reddit.com/r/civicplatform'], 'property': ['Enterprise solutions', 'Identity', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'DCG Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 170, 'name': 'NuCypher', 'symbol': 'NU', 'id': '4761', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/nucypher/', 'slug': 'nucypher', 'max_supply': '3,885,390,082', 'about': "NuCypher is a decentralized encryption, access control and key management system (KMS), encryption service for public blockchains. NuCypher offers end-to-end encrypted data sharing on public blockchains and decentralized storage solutions.NuCypher allows users to share private data between a number of participants in public consensus networks, using proxy re-encryption (PRE) technology. This decryption technology makes NuCypher much more secure and protected than traditional blockchain projects based on public-key encryption, according to NuCypher. NuCypher (NU) are the native tokens used on the larger NuCypher network. The tokens are used to incentivize network participants for performing key management services and accessing delegation/revocation operations on the network.The NU tokens are also used for staking to run a NuCypher worker node. The NuCypher network is protected against malicious staking, and would automatically slash a suspected user’s rewards. NU is also used on the network for participating in the NuCypher DAO. The NuCypher DAO is the protocol that controls network parameters and smart contract upgrades on the network. Users who stake NU can also participate in validating DAO proposals.NuCypher was co-founded by Mikhail Egorov (the founder of Curve) and MacLane Wilkison. The white paper for NuCypher was first published in June 2017, but the testnet did not launch until November 2018.Egorov currently serves as the chief technical officer of NuCypher. He is a security researcher, physicist and scientist from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology. He is also the co-founder of LoanCoin, a decentralized banking and crowdlending network.Co-founder MacLane is a software engineer and the CEO of NuCypher. Prior to his involvement in blockchain, he worked as an investment banker at Morgan Stanley, where he provided financial services to enterprises in technology, media and telecommunications. He has also co-founded LoanCoin, along with Mikhail Egorov.Both Egorov and MacLane participated in the U.S. startup accelerator Y Combinator in the summer of 2016. The following year, the whitepaper for the NuCypher project was published.NuCypher launched its private testnet in 2018. The private treatment launch saw participation from major staking infrastructure providers including Bison Trails, Figment, InfStones and Staked.us. The public testnet of NuCypher began in October 2019. However, the incentivized public testnet began in January 2020. The mainnet of NuCypher launched in October 2020 after distributing $45 million in NU tokens to nodes.Unlike most blockchain projects that are designed to serve customers, better transactions, IoT operations, voting mechanism, and the like, NuCypher was created for other blockchains. NuCypher is a privacy layer for blockchains.NuCypher provides a privacy infrastructure for the decentralized web with proxy re-encryption (PRE) and fully homomorphic encryption (FHE) technologies.Using the NuCypher network, users can conditionally grant and revoke access to data with multiple users at a time. NuCypher's encryption service provides almost unparalleled security for sensitive data transfer. It combines this with the trustless and censorship-resistant nature of conventional public blockchains.The cryptographic libraries of NuCypher include;At NuCypher’s mainnet launch in October 2020, there was a total supply of 1 billion NU tokens. According to the release schedule, 3,335,938 and 4,460,000 NU tokens are released monthly to the SAFT Series 2 and Team/Equity investors every month.The WorkLock, NuCypher’s novel network node setup mechanism, is expected to get 225,000,000 NU tokens in April 2021. Factoring in the monthly release of the NU tokens, 1,088,876,961 NU tokens have been issued with 392,750,000 currently in circulation.The network has a max supply of ~3.89 billion NU tokens. The tokens are released monthly as rewards to stakers, according to the staking economics paper.NuCypher is a layer 2 resource allocation protocol on Ethereum that uses a proof-of-stake (PoS) mechanism to coordinate worker nodes.The network runs on a novel node distribution mechanism which NuCypher calls the WorkLock. To run a NuCypher node, a minimum of 2,000 node operators would need to stake 353,913.The minimum lockup staking period is 30 days. However, NuCypher doesn’t guarantee that staking for longer than one year will provide greater benefits in terms of earning rewards. Unless the user opts out after a staking period, staking rewards are automatically restaked after each period.NuCypher (NU) is popular among online exchanges that trade ethereum tokens. The top exchanges where you can buy, sell, and trade NuCypher tokens currently are; If you are new, you can find our simplified guide for purchasing crypto and more exchanges where you can trade here.", 'website': 'https://nucypher.com', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/nucypher/whitepaper', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/nucypher/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['nucypher.com', 'https://t.me/nucypher', 'https://t.me/nucypher_alerts'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'blog.nucypher.com', 'https://twitter.com/nucypher', 'https://reddit.com/r/nucypher'], 'property': ['Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 171, 'name': 'ZKSwap', 'symbol': 'ZKS', 'id': '8202', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/zkswap/', 'slug': 'zkswap', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'ZKSwap is a Layer-2 decentralized exchange that adopts AMM model and zk-Rollup technology. It’s built on Ethereum, and aims to give traders low latency & no gas fee experiences.ZKS is the utility and governance token that is used in ZKSwap.You can try the application at zks.app.Through zk-Rollups technology, all ERC20 tokens are transferred to layer-2, and the consistent state of layer-1 and layer-2 is guaranteed based on continuously generated zero-knowledge proofs. This solution allows all exchanges to execute on layer-2, achieving real-time swap with zero gas fees, unlimited scalability, removing the constraint from the Ethereum’s TPS, and block confirmation time.', 'website': 'https://github.com/l2labs', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/l2labs', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/l2labs/zkswap-whitepaper/raw/master/zkswap_en.pdf', 'other_links': ['zks.org/en', 'zkswap.info/en', 'https://t.me/zkswapofficial', 'https://discord.com/invite/ZRxS8fYTDv'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['zkswapofficial.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/ZKSwapOfficial'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'AMM', 'Layer 2']} ,
{'rank': 172, 'name': 'Celer Network', 'symbol': 'CELR', 'id': '3814', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/celer-network/', 'slug': 'celer-network', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.celer.network/#', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/celer-network', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.celer.network/assets/doc/CelerNetwork-Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.celer.network', 'https://t.me/celernetwork', 'https://discord.gg/Trhab5w'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/CelerNetwork'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Scaling', 'State channels', 'Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Binance Launchpad', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 173, 'name': 'NKN', 'symbol': 'NKN', 'id': '2780', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/nkn/', 'slug': 'nkn', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'NKN, or New Kind of Network, is an open-source protocol for public blockchain-based peer-to-peer Networks to share network bandwidth and Internet connectivity. The project was launched in January 2018 and lists Stephen Wolfram, creator of Mathematica and Wolfram|Alpha, and Whitfield Diffie, inventor of public-key cryptography as advisors. NKN Mainnet was launched in July 2019 and has up to 25,000 full consensus nodes (more than Bitcoin or Ethereum).Notable use cases for NKN include: NKN’s consensus algorithm is based on Cellular Automata, A New Kind of Science and Ising Model, where a simple local majority rule can lead to system-level convergence in a small number of iterations. The design goal is to scale to arbitrary numbers of equal consensus nodes.NKN uses a global addressing scheme based on public keys, in order to enable direct peer to peer communication without centralized servers. The routing of packets is based on Chord Distributed Hash Table (DHT), which maps each NKN address to a random and verifiable position on the Chord DHT ring.', 'website': 'https://nkn.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/nknorg', 'whitepaper': 'https://nkn.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/NKN_Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['nkn.org', 'https://t.me/nknorg', 'https://discord.gg/c7mTynX'], 'explorers': ['nscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['blog.nkn.org', 'forum.nkn.org', 'https://twitter.com/nkn_org', 'https://reddit.com/r/nknblockchain'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Distributed Computing', 'IoT'], 'other': ['Mineable'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Communications & Social Media', 'Sharing Economy', 'Video', 'Crowdsourcing', 'PoW', 'China', 'United States of America', 'Ethereum']} ,
{'rank': 174, 'name': 'SingularityNET', 'symbol': 'AGIX', 'id': '2424', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/singularitynet/', 'slug': 'singularitynet', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'SingularityNET is a blockchain-powered platform that allows anybody to easily "create, share, and monetize" AI services, thanks to its globally-accessible AI marketplace.Through the SingularityNET marketplace, users can browse, test and purchase a huge variety of AI services using the platform’s native utility token — AGI. Moreover, the marketplace represents an outlet AI developers can use to publish and sell their AI tools, and easily track their performance. The team behind SingularityNET pioneered the development of an AI known as Sophia, which is described as the "world\'s most expressive robot". SingularityNET’s goal is to enable Sophia to be able to fully understand human language, and continue developing “OpenCog” — an AI framework that is hoped to eventually achieve a state known as “advanced general intelligence,” i.e. human-level artificial intelligence (or beyond). The platform was first announced in 2017 and completed an initial coin offering (ICO) in December the same year, raising $36 million in just one minute. SingularityNET has an extensive team largely of AI scientists, developers, researchers and engineers. It was founded by Dr. Ben Goertzel (SingularityNET\'s CEO and chief scientist) in addition to Simone Giacomelli and Dr. David Hanson.Dr. Ben Goertzel is an established figure in the AI and robotics industry and has a long distinguished track record of working with advanced technology companies — including Hanson Robotics and the OpenCog Foundation. He also works as Mozi Health\'s chief scientist and vice chairman for Humanity+.Simone Giacomelli is an entrepreneur and investor that previously worked for crypto consultancy Cryptodex. He left the SingularityNET project in March 2019 and is now focused on the technology R&D lab Vulpem, which he founded in 2015.Dr. David Hanson is SingularityNET\'s third co-founder. He has a long and varied history in the robotics industry, working with Disney between 1998 and 2001 before founding several robotics startups — including Human Emulation Robotics, Initiative for Awakening Machines and Hanson Robotics over the last two decades.SingularityNET is the first platform that makes it easy for developers to sell their AI tools and libraries and enables buyers to test any AI service provided on the marketplace to see if it meets their needs before making payment. On top of this, those in need of specific AI services can also tap SingularityNET’s extensive community of AI specialists through the Request for AI portal (RFAI) — which allows customers to easily commission a new AI tool, while developers can earn AGI tokens by filling these requests. The utility of the AGI token has evolved with the development of the SingularityNET ecosystem. In October 2020, SingularityNET launched its SingularityNET Enhancement Proposal (SNEP) feature, enabling AGI holders to vote on changes to the network’s operations. Whereas in March 2020, a staking feature was added, enabling users to stake their tokens In a collaboration with Hanson Robotics, SingularityNET recently released a joint venture known as Awakening Health, which develops products that leverage AI for healthcare purposes. Its first product is Grace, a humanoid assistant for the healthcare industry.Check our Rarible (RARI) — a decentralized marketplace for non-fungible tokens.Check out Uniswap (UNI) — the governance token for the Uniswap decentralized exchange.Learn about decentralized exchange (DEXs) with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Meet the CoinMarketCap blog — your source for crypto insights, updates, and announcements.As of February 2021, a total of 861.5 million AGI tokens representing 86% of the total supply were in circulation. As such, AGI can be considered largely diluted.Half (50%) of the total AGI supply was sold during SingularityNET\'s 2017 ICO. Beyond this 20% was reserved for early developer and partner incentives, 18% for the core team members (now fully vested), 8% for the SingularityNET foundation for the long-term development of the platform, whereas the last 4% was reserved for security bounties.Since the total supply is fixed at 1 billion tokens, AGI does not have any inflation. AGI is an ERC-20 token. This means it’s backed by the Ethereum proof-of-work (PoW) consensus algorithm and battle-tested network of tens of thousands of nodes and miners. To date, the Ethereum network has never been successfully attacked and is considered one of the most secure networks currently operating. The team behind SingularityNET has hinted that SingularityNET may move to another blockchain in the future, and recently announced it was exploring the possibility of launching on the delegated proof-of-stake (dPoS) Cardano blockchain. The AGI token is available to trade on several prominent exchange platforms, including Binance, KuCoin, and HitBTC. It\'s also available on two of the most popular DEXs — Uniswap and Balancer. Currently, the only available trading pairs for AGI are AGI/BTC, AGI/ETH, and AGI/WETH. It is not currently possible to purchase AGI directly with your credit or debit card from any of these exchange platforms, but you may be able to buy Bitcoin (BTC) first, and then exchange this for AGI. Here’s how.', 'website': 'https://singularitynet.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/singnet/', 'whitepaper': 'https://public.singularitynet.io/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['singularitynet.io', 'https://t.me/singularitynet'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['blog.singularitynet.io', 'community.singularitynet.io', 'https://twitter.com/singularity_net', 'https://reddit.com/r/SingularityNet'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'AI & Big Data', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 175, 'name': 'Balancer', 'symbol': 'BAL', 'id': '5728', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/balancer/', 'slug': 'balancer', 'max_supply': '100,000,000', 'about': 'Balancer is an automated market maker (AMM) that was developed on the Ethereum blockchain and launched in March 2020. It was able to raise a $3M seed round by Placeholder and Accomplice. Balancer protocol functions as a self-balancing weighted portfolio, price sensor and liquidity provider. It allows users to earn profits through its recently introduced token ($BAL) by contributing to customizable liquidity pools. The protocol operates a few types of pools:Balancer Lab was founded by Fernando Martinelli and Mike McDonald, but it began as a research program at a software firm “BlockScience” in 2018. The Balancer project features intelligent, like-minded fellows with an acute understanding of the DeFi space. Fernando Martnelli, a serial entrepreneur and Maker community member, has many years of work experience outside of Balancer. He co-founded many other companies before he started Balancer with his partner, Mike McDonald. Mike McDonald is the co-founder and CTO at Balancer. He is a security engineer and the creator of mkr.tools He joined Fernando Martnelli to build the Balancer platform.Kristen Stone, COO at Balancer, has worked in the crypto industry for over five years. She was a product manager at Coinbase and has built teams in product and engineering.Timur Badretdinov, is the frontend developer and has worked on several projects before working at Balancer. He founded a company called “Longcaller,” a platform focused on providing cryptocurrency reviews and educational blockchain content.Balancer is similar to Uniswap and Curve, in that it enables anyone to create pools of tokens. The pool adjusts itself to keep the tokens equally weighted regardless of changes in their price. However, one unique feature of Balancer is that more than one token can be added and ETH isn’t required. Although, Balancer isn’t the first DeFi protocol to make use of AMMs, however, it has brought a new face and approach to liquidity. The unique feature of the protocol is that it allows Liquidity providers to have up to eight assets per market which are weighted by percentage and rebalanced automatically. With Balancer, users don’t have to deposit 50% of the desired asset, but are allowed to decide how much of a supported asset they wish to deposit. Another unique feature of Balancer Lab is that users can make a high return on assets that are in low demand through arbitrage opportunities and slippage-reduction. You can learn more about how Balancer works here. How Many Balancer Tokens (BAL) Are There in Circulation?Balancer wasn’t launched with a native token. However, in June 2020, they launched a governance token, $BAL, following the success of Compound’s token COMP. The purpose of the token is to allow for more decentralization and as an incentive for LP. Of the total 100M tokens that were created, 25M were reserved for the team, core developers, investors and advisors. 5M tokens were allocated for the Balancer Ecosystem Fund, which would be used as incentives for strategic partners. Another 5M were allocated for the fundraising fund. This fund will be used by Balancer to support its operation and growth at future fundraisings.The remaining tokens are to be mined by liquidity providers on the platform and are released at a rate of 145K per week. Provided the distribution rate is kept constant, it would take approx. 8.6 years to finish distributing the tokens. For Balancer, security is a top priority and that is why the protocol has been fully audited three times by Trail of Bits, ConsenSys and OpenZeppelin. There are no admin keys or backdoors, hence, making it trustless, and the balancer pools are not upgradeable. Balancer does not support tokens that do not conform to the ERC-20 standard, even though they may be in use on some pools.The tokens held on Balancer pools are not controlled by Balancer, but are smart contracts. Nevertheless, that does not remove the inherent risks of smart contracts. The configurable rights pools (CRPs) ensure that tokens with known issues are barred from being used in pools. It further ensures that all other tokens safely interact with the protocolBalancer allows users to add to liquidity pools to earn $BAL, which is automatically awarded to the users weekly. Top exchanges that support $BAL include Binance, ZenGo, Global, HBTC, Kraken, OKEx, Huobi, etc. To learn how to exchange your fiat currencies for $BAL, here is a detailed guide on how to go about that.', 'website': 'https://discord.gg/ARJWaeF', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/balancer-labs', 'whitepaper': 'https://balancer.finance/whitepaper/', 'other_links': ['balancer.finance', 'balancer.exchange', 'https://discord.gg/ARJWaeF'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'hecoinfo.com', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['balancer.finance', 'forum.balancer.finance', 'https://twitter.com/BalancerLabs'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'AMM', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Governance', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 176, 'name': 'ZB Token', 'symbol': 'ZB', 'id': '3351', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/zb-token/', 'slug': 'zb-token', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.zb.com/', 'other_links': ['www.zb.com', 'https://t.me/ZB_support'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'etherscan.io', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/ZbTalk'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Centralized exchange', 'Discount token', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 177, 'name': 'Hive', 'symbol': 'HIVE', 'id': '5370', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hive-blockchain/', 'slug': 'hive-blockchain', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Launched on March 20th, 2020, Hive is a decentralized information sharing network with an accompanying blockchain-based financial ledger built on the Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) protocol. Hive supports many different types of information sharing applications. Myriad dapps, APIs and front-ends contribute to a general and straightforward accessibility of data, transactions and records, so that this existing diversity and utility ensure that the ecosystem is welcoming to content creators, consumers, investors and builders. Hive is developed to store vast amounts of content and to make it available for time-based monetization. Examples of use include social media with monetized rewards for content producers, interactive games, identity management, polling systems, and micro-loans. The performance of the blockchain is designed to scale with widespread adoption of the currency and platforms in mind. By combining the lightning fast processing times and fee-less transactions, Hive is positioned to become one of the leading blockchain technologies used by people around the world.Hive’s support for high transaction volumes, combined with its fast 3-second block times and fee-less transactions, make it an ideal platform for building highly interactive applications that would bog down on most blockchain networks. It also has a unique focus on a 2nd layer architecture for distributing application loading across distinct sidechains to enable scaling beyond the limits of traditional smart-contract networks. To mitigate scaling limitations, an application’s proponents can allocate additional CPU resources as needed at the second layer to power their preferred applications, without worrying about congestion from other apps in the network, yet still benefit from a common first-layer blockchain backbone to ensure distributed data integrity. This scaling ability also enables a unique competitive landscape for applications developers. Hive was founded by a diverse group of community members, developers and investors who believed in the common goal of decentralization. There is no set team and no company behind it. Hive is not based in any specific jurisdiction and has nodes, stakeholders and contributors in many countries all over the globe. Hive relies on decentralized governance, both for software development and for decisions about protocol upgrades, employing the DPOS consensus protocol. Stake-weighted voting is used to elect block producers known as witnesses that must agree to enable changes to the 1st layer protocol shared by all applications, providing a stable base layer, while leaving 2nd layer applications free to innovate rapidly. All protocol changes are proposed, developed, prepared for and implemented through a transparent and collaborative team-working environment. They are entirely open source from initiation to their final release.', 'website': 'https://hive.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/openhive-network/hive', 'whitepaper': 'https://hive.io/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['hive.io', 'https://t.me/hiveblockchain'], 'explorers': ['hiveblocks.com', 'hive-db.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'peakd.com', 'https://twitter.com/hiveblocks', 'https://reddit.com/r/hivenetwork'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS'], 'property': ['Media', 'Content Creation', 'Scaling']} ,
{'rank': 178, 'name': 'Metadium', 'symbol': 'META', 'id': '3418', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/metadium/', 'slug': 'metadium', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.metadium.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/metadium', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.metadium.com/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['www.metadium.com', 'https://t.me/MetadiumOfficial'], 'explorers': ['explorer.metadium.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/metadium', 'https://reddit.com/r/metadiumprotocol'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Identity', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 179, 'name': 'Steem', 'symbol': 'STEEM', 'id': '1230', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/steem/', 'slug': 'steem', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Steem is a community-focused blockchain that creates an instant earning opportunity for the network’s users. The protocol is designed to provide an earning opportunity for customers based on their value to the network. It is designed to provide users with a platform where they can post curated content online, and get paid in cryptocurrency.The protocol is a publicly available, incentivized blockchain database that allows users to interact with themselves and earn in return. It leverages technologies from both social media and cryptocurrency to provide users with value. The network ensures the fair treatment of contributors by running a reward structure that reflects each user’s contribution.Steemit is the first app that was built on the Steem blockchain, and it launched on July 4, 2016. The protocol aims to provide value for its community of users in the following ways:Ned Scott, together with a blockchain developer Dan Larimer, launched the first app on Steem blockchain in January, called Steemit. The app is similar to other social network apps except that it is based on blockchain technology, hence making it a decentralized and non-custodial app. The network is without the common data-related problems faced by traditional social platforms. Ned Scott worked as a business operation and financial analyst at an American Food importing company, Gellert Global Group, from 2012 to 2015. He met Dan, his partner, in 2015 where he found out they shared similar interests.Dan Larimer is a software engineer and serial entrepreneur who is captivated by blockchain technology, DEXs, cryptocurrency and other technologies. Dan co-founded Steem alongside Ned Scott and was the CTO until he left the company in 2017.Many traditional social media companies have made lots of money through the content produced by their users. However, what sets Steem apart is the support it offers to its users by rewarding them for their valuable input to the platform. One unique feature of the network is that it is based on blockchain technology —making it the first of its kind. As a result, it is non-custodial and decentralized, with no downtime or data abuse, and the platform’s data are perfectly secured too. Also, users are paid in cryptocurrencies for participating on the platform.Steem is guided by one key principle: that those who contribute to a venture should be paid by the owners, just like startups do by allocating shares during funding rounds. Another core belief is to serve its community members by rendering various financial services and opportunities. Token EconomicsUnlike other blockchains where new coins are created through mining, Steem distributes the bulk of its coins (STEEM) to the rewards pool. STEEM is the primary coin of the protocol. The pool distributes tokens to users on the platform based on their input.Witnesses (block-creating accounts) add new blocks to the Steem blockchain every three seconds. Therefore, STEEM is produced by the network daily and the new coins are distributed in this manner:The other two cryptocurrencies apart from STEEM are the Steem Dollars (SBD) and Steem Power (SP).After the company was bought by Justin Sun, founder of Tron platform, there was a restructuring of Steem’s operations. Therefore, new blocks are no longer created through mining and the network does not use proof-of-work.The protocol does not rely on proof-of-work to create new blocks but schedules witnesses to create a block every three seconds. However, the Steem blockchain uses delegated proof-of-stake to increase transaction speed on the platform and make it more scalable. Witnesses are rewarded with Steem Power for every block created.There are several cryptocurrency exchanges where users can purchase Steem tokens, SteemPower, or Steem Dollars (SBD), or even concert them to local currencies. A user without an account can buy through crypto exchanges, for instance, Binance. In addition, STEEM and Steem Dollars can easily be traded for bitcoin, which can then be converted to fiat currencies. Click here to get more information about crypto on the CMC blog.', 'website': 'https://github.com/steemit/steem', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/steemit/steem', 'whitepaper': 'https://steem.io/SteemWhitePaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['steem.com', 'steemit.com'], 'explorers': ['steemdb.io', 'steemscan.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'steemit.com', 'https://twitter.com/Steemit', 'https://reddit.com/r/steemit'], 'property': ['Media', 'Content Creation']} ,
{'rank': 180, 'name': 'Enzyme', 'symbol': 'MLN', 'id': '1552', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/enzyme/', 'slug': 'enzyme', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://enzyme.finance/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/enzymefinance', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.enzyme.finance/', 'other_links': ['enzyme.finance', 'https://t.me/enzymefinance'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/enzymefinance', 'https://reddit.com/r/enzymefinance'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'DeFi', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 181, 'name': 'Aragon', 'symbol': 'ANT', 'id': '1680', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/aragon/', 'slug': 'aragon', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://aragon.org/', 'whitepaper': 'https://wiki.aragon.org/documentation/whitepaper/', 'other_links': ['aragon.org', 'https://t.me/AragonProject'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['blog.aragon.org', 'https://twitter.com/AragonProject'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'DAO', 'Governance', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio'], 'platform': ['Ethereum']} ,
{'rank': 182, 'name': 'MediBloc', 'symbol': 'MED', 'id': '2303', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/medibloc/', 'slug': 'medibloc', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://medibloc.org/en/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Medibloc', 'whitepaper': 'https://medibloc-homepage.oss-us-west-1.aliyuncs.com/whitepaper/medibloc_whitepaper_en.pdf', 'other_links': ['medibloc.org/en/', 'https://t.me/medibloc'], 'explorers': ['explorer.medibloc.org', 'explorer.binance.org'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/_medibloc', 'https://reddit.com/r/MediBloc'], 'property': ['Health', 'Cosmos Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 183, 'name': 'TomoChain', 'symbol': 'TOMO', 'id': '2570', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tomochain/', 'slug': 'tomochain', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Released in December 2018, TomoChain (TOMO) is a project that attempts to improve the scalability of the Ethereum (ETH) blockchain. This is primarily done via increasing its transactions per second (TPS) capacity. The eventual goal of the project is to build a blockchain infrastructure for decentralized apps (DApps) and improve integration and security. TomoChain’s solution is to offer smart contract scalability, a task that requires solving how the blockchain can handle a higher number of transactions per second, exponentially increasing the utility of the smart contracts for real-world use cases and applications.TomoChain was founded by Long Vuong, who is also the CEO of TomoChain Pte. Ltd. Before that, he was the CEO of CityMe and a co-founder and project lead of the NEM (XEM) blockchain at Alternative Blockchain. He is an expert in the fields of blockchain and economics and has been an advisor to a number of blockchain projects in the past.TomoChain has a range of unique features, such as its proof-of-authority consensus, the masternode system, 2-second confirmation, almost non-existent transaction fees, built-in exchange protocol, ICO smart contract templates, API support for token insurances and integrations and cross-chain transaction function without any fees between Ethereum and TomoChain. The TomoChain mainnet was launched in 2018 and included proof-of-stake voting. The switch to masternodes made TOMO a mintable currency, and these masternodes participate in both creation and verification of the blocks. They are compensated for maintaining the network with minted TOMO.If a user wants to become a masternode candidate, they need to deposit 50,000 TOMO. Masternodes are allowed to eventually resign, but the deposited TOMO remains locked for 1,296,000 blocks after the resignation had been issued. Once a user becomes a masternode candidate, they need to become one of the top 150 voted candidates. If chosen, they will receive TOMO rewards in proportion to the number of blocks they manage to sign.As such, TomoChain provides a scalable blockchain that can be faster and has lower fees. TomoChain has a wide range of use cases. TomoChain provides a general blockchain platform that allows for near-zero-fee and instant confirmation transactions, a proof-of-stake chain, staking as a voter and running a masternode. It also offers the TomoZ or Zero Friction protocol that allows token holders to pay transaction fees in a token of their choice. Other services offered by TomoChain are Tomox and Relayers, which is a decentralized exchange protocol that allows businesses to make decentralized exchanges and landing platforms. TomoP is a privacy protocol that was developed on TomoChain to enable safe and untraceable transactions.Learn about Badger DAO.Learn about Utrust.Learn how to stake crypto in 2021 on CMC Alexandria.Learn more about cryptocurrencies on the CoinMarketCap blog.TomoChain (TOMO)has a circulating supply of 80,540,663 tokens and no maximum supply data is available as of February 2021.TomoChain has a proof-of-stake voting consensus, making it a scalable public blockchain where every Ethereum smart contract can be run with instant transaction confirmations. The Tomo application was one of the first apps built on the TomoChain and is a decentralized social media platform focused on knowledge sharing.If you want to buy, sell, or trade TomoChain (TOMO), you can do so on the following exchanges: Read our detailed guide to learn more about how to purchase Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://tomochain.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/tomochain/', 'whitepaper': 'https://tomochain.com/docs/technical-whitepaper--1.0.pdf', 'other_links': ['tomochain.com', 'https://t.me/tomochain'], 'explorers': ['scan.tomochain.com', 'explorer.binance.org', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/TomoChainANN', 'https://reddit.com/r/Tomochain'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Alameda Research Portfolio'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi', 'Decentralized exchange']} ,
{'rank': 184, 'name': 'Strike', 'symbol': 'STRK', 'id': '8911', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/strike/', 'slug': 'strike', 'max_supply': '6,540,888', 'about': 'Strike is a DeFi lending protocol that allows users to earn interest on their cryptocurrencies by depositing them into one of several markets supported by the platform. When a user deposits tokens to a Strike market, they receive sTokens in return. These sTokens represent the individual’s stake in the pool and can be used to redeem the underlying cryptocurrency initially deposited into the pool at any time. For example, by depositing ETH into a pool, you will receive sETH in return. Over time, the exchange rate of these sTokens to the underlying asset increases, which means you can redeem them for more of the underlying asset than you initially put in — this is how the interest is distributed.On the flip side, borrowers can take a secured loan from any Strike pool by depositing collateral. The maximum loan-to-value (LTV) ratio varies based on the collateral asset, but currently ranges from 50 to 80%. The interest rate paid varies by borrowed asset and borrowers can face automatic liquidation if their collateral falls below a specific maintenance threshold.Strike is a decentralized finance platform that was launched by Spend.com. There are no team supplies or founder supplies and the protocol will be operated by the community and be fully decentralized. According to Strike, since the token distribution does not consist of any venture capital, shareholder, founder/advisor token distributions, it maintains the highest level of community distribution. Strike plans to offer a mechanism called "Governors" who can white list tokens to be added quickly to the market making it a scalable DeFi platform. Strike\'s community governance sets it apart from other similar protocols. Holders of the platform’s native governance token — STRK — can propose changes to the protocol, debate and vote whether to implement changes suggested by others — without any involvement from the Strike team. This can include choosing which cryptocurrencies to add support for, adjusting collateralization factors, and making changes to how STRK tokens are distributed.These STRK tokens can be bought from third-party exchanges or can be earned by interacting with the Strike protocol, such as by depositing assets or taking out a loan.Like many digital assets, only a fixed number of STRK tokens will ever come into existence. The total supply is capped at 6,540,888 STRK and as of writing, approximately than a third are in circulation (2,540,888).Out of these 6,540,888 Strike tokens, 4 million tokens will be distributed to Strike users over a 8-year period. The exact rate of STRK emission is subject to change over time, as voters are able to increase or reduce the emission rate by passing a proposal through community governance.Everything on Strike is handled automatically by smart contracts, which act to mint sTokens after Ethereum and ERC20 assets are deposited, and allow Strike users to redeem their stake using their sTokens.The protocol enforces a collateralization factor for all assets supported by the platform, ensuring each pool is overcollateralized at all times. If the collateral falls below the minimum maintenance level, it will be sold to liquidators at a 10% discount, paying down some of the loan and returning the remainder to an acceptable collateralization factor.This arrangement helps to ensure borrowers maintain their collateral levels, provides a safety net for lenders, and creates an earning opportunity for liquidators.', 'website': 'https://strike.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/StrikeFinance', 'whitepaper': 'https://strike.org/Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['strike.org', 'https://t.me/StrikeFinance', 'https://t.me/StrikeNews'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'community.strike.org', 'https://twitter.com/StrikeFinance'], 'property': ['DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 185, 'name': 'aelf', 'symbol': 'ELF', 'id': '2299', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/aelf/', 'slug': 'aelf', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'aelf is an open-source blockchain network designed as a complete business solution. The structure of ‘one main-chain + multiple side-chains’ can support developers to independently deploy or run DApps on individual side-chains to achieve resource isolation. aelf technology adopts Parallel Processing & AEDPoS Consensus Mechanism. Based on the cross-chain technology of the main-chain index and verification mechanisms, aelf achieves secure communication between the main-chain and all side-chains, as a result, allows direct interoperability between side-chains.aelf meets the governance needs of varying applications by providing different models, including a Parliament Governance Model, an Association Governance Model, and a Referendum Governance Model. Through the incentive model, the network is equipped with a self-sustainable system and can roll out self-development on a practical basis. Simultaneously, developers can debug, develop and deploy applications based on a mature IDE, provided by aelf.aelf has launched aelf Enterprise, an enterprise-level integrated blockchain solution. aelf Enterprise is based on the requirements of different business scenarios. To meet the requirements of several industries including supply chain management, credit establishment, user incentives, and property protection, aelf Enterprise provides enterprise-level users with a flexible, but practical modularized blockchain solution. This promotes the hand-in-hand development of both Blockchain and other core economies.', 'website': 'http://aelf.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/aelfProject', 'whitepaper': 'https://grid.hoopox.com/%C3%A6lf_whitepaper_v1.2.pdf', 'other_links': ['aelf.io', 'https://t.me/aelfblockchain'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/aelfblockchain'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Huobi Capital']} ,
{'rank': 186, 'name': 'BitShares', 'symbol': 'BTS', 'id': '463', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitshares/', 'slug': 'bitshares', 'max_supply': '3,600,570,502', 'about': "BitShares is a decentralized platform designed to provide a more efficient global payment network and is commonly used for securely trading cryptocurrencies without any intermediaries. It was originally launched in July 2014 under the name ProtoShares (PTS) but was rebranded to BitShares (BTS) less than a year later. The platform is powered by the BitShares (BTS) token, a native utility token that can be used for several purposes, including the creation of smartcoins known as “BitAssets,” which can have a variety of parameters and can represent practically anything — such as reward points, collateralized fiat-pegged tokens and IOUs.The BitShares platform is managed by a decentralized autonomous company (DAC), which allows BTS token holders to decide the future of the platform, and decide which features to add next. It runs on an open-source blockchain implementation known as Graphene, which is reportedly capable of processing up to 100,000 transactions per second (TPS) — making it faster than both MasterCard and VISA combined.As of January 2021, BitShares is in the process of a relaunch, and will be going through several major changes throughout going forward. BitShares was co-founded in 2013 by some of the cryptocurrency industry's biggest names, these include: \\\nDaniel Larimer, an accomplished software engineer and the co-founder of several other prominent blockchain ventures including EOS.IO, Block.one and Steemit. Larimer is an esteemed name in the cryptocurrency space and is widely regarded as one of its leading innovators. Charles Hoskinson, an entrepreneur and mathematician who is one of the original eight co-founders of Ethereum — the second most successful blockchain platform (behind Bitcoin). Today, Hoskinson works as the CEO of Input Output HK (IOHK), the research and development company behind Cardano (ADA). As of January 2021, the BitShares core team consists of 17 permanent workers, supported by more than 60 long-term contributors — covering a range of disciplines including economics and legal, to systems admins and highly skilled developers. One of BitShares’ major distinguishing features is its integrated decentralized cryptocurrency exchange platform (DEX), which allows users to trade regular cryptocurrencies, as well as more traditional financial instruments (via BitAssets) without middlemen. Because of its native DEX and support for synthetic assets (BitAssets), BitShares is often touted as the world’s first DeFi capable blockchain. As we previously touched on, BitShares uses distributed autonomous companies (DACs) to produce a self-governing, self-financing system that allows BTS holders to set the business rules that govern the BitShares ecosystem through a secure proposal and voting procedure.BitShares is also one of the few blockchain platforms to completely do away with addresses. Instead, it uses simple memos to distinguish users, making it one of the more accessible crypto platforms. It is also built around a popular referral program that is used to incentivize the growth of the network by distributing upgrade fees between referrers and the BitShares network. It was the first blockchain to use self-governed delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS) technology and has an ~3-second processing time for transactions, making it one of the fastest blockchains currently operating. In September 2020, the BitShares platform underwent a hard fork, leading to the creation of New BitShares (NBS) — a derivative project that is not affiliated with the original BitShares. As a result of the fork, BTS holders were airdropped NBS tokens at a 1:1 ratio. Check out Synthetix (SNX) — a DeFi platform used for minting synthetic assets.Check out Litecoin (LTC) — one of the most popular high-speed cryptocurrencies.Want to learn more about blockchains? Read “What Is a Blockchain?” to get up to speed.Stay on top of the crypto market with the CoinMarketCap blog.As of January 2021, there were just under 3 billion BTS in circulation. This is equivalent to 83% of the maximum BTS supply — making it highly diluted. BitShares was initially funded by community investments totaling 5,904 BTC, as well as 415,000 Proton Shares (PTN) in 2014. At the time, this was worth around $3.6 million.The full BTS tokenomics are not publicly available. BitShares uses a custom delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS) consensus mechanism to secure its network. This uses a combination of witnesses and decentralized voting processes to produce a more democratic consensus system that avoids the possible negative effects of centralization.This system reduces the need for multiple transaction confirmations, ensuring BitShares transactions can be finalized extremely quickly. Instead, delegates (known as witnesses) are responsible for producing and broadcasting blocks, with numerous safeguards in place to ensure these witnesses act in the best interests of the network. BitShares tokens are currently available to purchase or trade on several of the most prominent cryptocurrency exchange platforms. Some of the most popular include Binance, Huobi Global and HitBTC. As of January 2021, the most liquid BTS trading pairs include BTS/USDT, BTS/BTC, and BTS/ETH. There are currently no liquid BTS to fiat trading pairs. If you are looking to purchase BTS using your credit or debit card, see our brief guide to buying cryptocurrencies with fiat — here.", 'website': 'https://bitshares.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bitshares', 'whitepaper': 'https://steemit.com/dpos/@dantheman/dpos-consensus-algorithm-this-missing-white-paper', 'other_links': ['bitshares.org', 'https://t.me/BitSharesDAC'], 'explorers': ['cryptofresh.com', 'bitsharescan.com', 'bts.ai'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'bitsharestalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/bitsharesorg', 'https://reddit.com/r/bitshares'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoS', 'SHA-512'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi'], 'platform': ['Synthetics']} ,
{'rank': 187, 'name': 'Alpha Finance Lab', 'symbol': 'ALPHA', 'id': '7232', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/alpha-finance-lab/', 'slug': 'alpha-finance-lab', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': "Alpha Finance Lab is a cross-chain DeFi platform that looks to bring alpha to users across a variety of different blockchains, including Binance Smart Chain (BSC) and Ethereum. The platform aims to produce an ecosystem of DeFi products that address unmet needs in the industry while remaining simple to use and access. The first product built by Alpha Finance Lab is Alpha Lending, a decentralized lending protocol with algorithmically-adjusted interest rates. Leveraged yield-farming platform Alpha Homora was the second product launched by the platform, whereas AlphaX — a non-orderbook perpetual swap product — is scheduled to launch in 2021. ALPHA is the native utility token of the platform. Token holders can earn a share of network fees by staking ALPHA tokens to cover any default loans. Other use cases for the token include liquidity mining and governance voting.Alpha Finance Lab will implement governance via a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) allowing ALPHA holders to vote on the specifics of future Alpha products, and decide how they interoperate. This governance procedure is split over two levels: product-level governance and finance-level governance, giving token holders a great deal of control over the future of Alpha. Alpha Finance Lab (ALPHA) launched in 2020, following a public token sale on the Binance Launchpad. The platform was founded by Tascha Punyaneramitdee, Alpha Finance Labs' project lead and a former head of strategy at Band Protocol. Prior to her position at Alpha Finance Lab, Punyaneramitdee gained extensive experience working with global financial firms — most recently working as an investment banking analyst at Jefferies from 2017-2018, and product manager at technology giant Tencent from 2018 to 2020. In addition to Punyaneramitdee, the Alpha Finance Labs core team also includes lead engineer and blockchain researcher Nipun Pitimanaaree, a graduate in Mathematics and Computer Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) who won a gold medal at the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO) four years in a row.In total, the Alpha Finance Labs team consists of at least seven members, according to its official LinkedIn page. Alpha Finance Lab looks to differentiate itself from other DeFi ecosystems by actively seeking, identifying and addressing unmet needs in the DeFi space with a breakneck development cycle. Unlike other platforms, Alpha Finance Lab looks to ensure its solutions don’t just offer in-demand utility but are also user-friendly, helping to make DeFi more accessible. Each product developed by Alpha Finance Lab also acts to bolster the entire Alpha ecosystem, by providing additional utility for ALPHA token holders.Alpha Finance Lab’s first products each claim to bring an entirely new solution to the market. Alpha Homora is the first platform to introduce the leveraged yield farming concept and with the launch of Alpha Homora V2 in 2021, it will introduce the first smart contract that is capable of borrowing from another smart contract (Cream Finance) in an under-collateralized way.Moreover, once launched, AlphaX will become the first Uniswap/Sushiswap-style perpetual swap decentralized exchange without order books. This will allow more individuals to access the benefits of perpetual swaps (such as trading on leverage), without having to understand how they work in the background. Check out Cream Finance (CREAM) — a permissionless DeFi lending, swap, and payment platform.Read about Polkastarter (POLS) — a Polkadot-based decentralized exchange.Keep up to date on the latest crypto lingo with the CoinMarketCap Crypto Glossary.Visit the CoinMarketCap blog for the latest blockchain news and insights.The ALPHA token was initially launched with a circulating supply of 174.1 million tokens out of a total of 1 billion ALPHA.According to Binance’s Alpha Finance Labs research paper, the total supply of ALPHA tokens is allocated as follows:Team tokens are locked until August 2021 and will be fully vested by March 2024. As an ERC-20 token, ALPHA is backed by one of the most robust and secure blockchain networks in popular usage — Ethereum. It is kept secure by its extensive proof-of-work (POW) mining network, which uses an army of dedicated miners to maintain the integrity of the network. Although Alpha Finance Labs has dedicated developers and researchers, it also relies on external audits to ensure its smart contracts are secure. For example, Alpha Finance Labs has enlisted both PeckShield and Quantstamp to audit the smart contract code for Alpha Homora V2. As of January 2021, the ALPHA token is listed on just a handful of exchange platforms — including Binance and Uniswap. There are currently no known fiat trading pairs for ALPHA, but you may be able to buy Bitcoin (BTC) with fiat, and then trade it for ALPHA on Binance.", 'website': 'https://alphafinance.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/AlphaFinanceLab/alpha-lending-smart-contract/blob/master/documents/Alpha%20Lending%20Whitepaper.pdf', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/AlphaFinanceLab/alpha-lending-smart-contract/blob/master/documents/Alpha%20Lending%20Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['alphafinance.io', 'https://t.me/AlphaFinanceLab', 'https://discord.com/invite/Z2vuKDT'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['blog.alphafinance.io', 'blog.alphafinance.io', 'https://twitter.com/alphafinancelab'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Yield farming', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Yield Aggregator', 'Binance Launchpool', 'Binance Launchpad', 'DeFiance Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 188, 'name': 'Hxro', 'symbol': 'HXRO', 'id': '3748', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hxro/', 'slug': 'hxro', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://hxro.io/', 'other_links': ['hxro.io', 'https://t.me/Hxro_Consortium'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/RealHxro'], 'property': ['Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'LedgerPrime Portfolio', 'Alameda Research Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 189, 'name': 'Polymath', 'symbol': 'POLY', 'id': '2496', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/polymath-network/', 'slug': 'polymath-network', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Polymath is a decentralized Ethereum project built with the goal of making it easier to create and manage security tokens. The ST-20 Polymath standard (ERC1400) allows users to embed regulatory requirements into the tokens themselves to restrict trading to verified participants, simplifying the challenges of creating a security token. Over 220 tokens have been created using the Polymath platform (https://scout.cool/polymathnetwork/mainnet). Polymath was founded by Trevor Koverko. After starting his career at Wall Street and Silicon Valley, Trevor Koverko became involved in the blockchain community and financed projects such as Ethereum, EOS and Shapeshift. In 2017, Koverko co-founded Polymath. He is an investor at Lumenix, Royalty Exchange, ShapeShift and Block.one. Polymath has team members and contributors worldwide and a growing list of over 50 service providers (https://polymath.network/service-providers)Polymath was founded in 2017, and the Polymath platform was deployed on the Ethereum Mainnet on January 31, 2018. After successful platform launch, POLY was created to interact with the platform. 240,000,000 tokens were distributed during the launch. The max supply of POLY is 1 billion. 808,000,000 are currently circulating. 925,000,000 will be circulating by January 31, 2022. The team locked up the final 75m until January 2024. (https://blog.polymath.network/polymath-locks-up-75-million-poly-for-5-years-fc334d5978a4)POLY is the utility token that is used to access the suite of smart contracts in order to create an ST20 token. Almost 100,000 wallets hold POLY (https://etherscan.io/token/0x9992ec3cf6a55b00978cddf2b27bc6882d88d1ec)Polymath has built its own Proof-of-Stake blockchain called Polymesh, based on Parity Substrate. Polymesh is currently in testnet, with mainnet launching in 2021. ERC20 POLY holders may optionally upgrade their POLY on a 1:1 basis for POLYX. The only POLYX being created is those via the upgrade process and any created by the blockchain for Proof-of-Stake rewards (https://info.polymath.network/blog/introduction-to-polymesh-tokenomics). No additional POLYX is being created. Once Polymesh mainnet is live, the circulating supply of Ethereum based POLY will decrease by the amount that is swapped to Polymesh.POLY is available for trading on a growing number of exchanges, with cryptocurrency and stablecoin pairs currently available.The largest markets are:\nBinance\nUpbit\nUniswap\nBalancer\nSushiswapNew to cryptocurrency? Read CoinMarketCap’s easy guide to buying Bitcoin or any other token.', 'website': 'https://www.polymath.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/PolymathNetwork', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.polymath.network/resources/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['www.polymath.network', 'https://t.me/PolymathNetwork'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['blog.polymath.network', 'https://twitter.com/polymathnetwork', 'https://reddit.com/r/polymathnetwork'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Crowdfunding']} ,
{'rank': 190, 'name': 'Function X', 'symbol': 'FX', 'id': '3884', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/function-x/', 'slug': 'function-x', 'max_supply': '1,893,022,625', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://functionx.io/', 'other_links': ['functionx.io', 'https://t.me/functionx'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/functionx_io'], 'property': ['Hardware']} ,
{'rank': 191, 'name': 'Ultra', 'symbol': 'UOS', 'id': '4189', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ultra/', 'slug': 'ultra', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Ultra describes itself as a blockchain-based, PC game distribution platform designed to provide both gamers and game developers with new opportunities. It consists of an ecosystem where gamers can, on top of buying and playing games, resell their used games and items, and earn money through their participation in Ultra. Game developers will benefit from new revenue streams, SDKs, overlay technologies and blockchain tools that power up their games via features like item distribution. The product is expected to launch to the public in 2020.Ultra has developed its own customized EOSIO blockchain which aims to provide free user account creation and higher transaction throughput through better resource allocation. Partnerships for Ultra include the semiconductor company AMD and the gaming publisher Ubisoft.The Ultra token (UOS) serves a variety of purposes within the Ultra platform, both at the protocol (staking) and at the app level (transactions). For more information, please visit (https://medium.com/ultra-io)', 'website': 'https://ultra.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://ultra.io/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['ultra.io', 'https://t.me/ultra_io', 'https://discord.gg/9EUPGrW'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/ultra_io'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'Gaming', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 192, 'name': 'Ampleforth', 'symbol': 'AMPL', 'id': '4056', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ampleforth/', 'slug': 'ampleforth', 'max_supply': '395,345,189', 'about': 'Ampleforth is an Ethereum-based cryptocurrency with an algorithmically adjusted circulating supply. It is designed to be the base money of the new decentralized economy, by providing an asset that cannot be diluted by supply inflation and remains decoupled to the price action of other cryptocurrencies—and Bitcoin (BTC) in particular. With Ampleforth, token holders own a fixed fraction of the total AMPL circulating supply, rather than a fixed number of tokens. When the protocol detects that the price of AMPL is too high, it increases the circulating supply, whereas the supply is decreased if the price is too low. This change is propagated to all Ampleforth wallets, which have their wallet balance adjusted proportionally. Irrespective of this change, AMPL holders will still retain the same percentage of the token supply. This automatic supply adjustment process is known as a “rebase” and occurs once each day, with a positive rebase if the price goes above $1.06, and a negative rebase if it is below $0.96. The overall goal of the system is to create incentives that drive the market price of AMPL back to ~$1. Ampleforth was founded by Evan Kuo, an experienced product manager and serial entrepreneur that holds a bachelor of science (BS) in mechatronics, robotics and automation engineering from UC Berkeley.Kuo is described as an art and math lover, and has experience developing predictive auction products. He previously held the role of CEO at Pythagoras Pizza — a San Francisco-based pizza delivery service, but now holds the role of CEO at the Ampleforth Foundation — the development and management firm behind the Ampleforth protocol. Besides Kuo, the Ampleforth Foundation team is almost entirely composed of engineers and includes ex-Uber and ex-Google senior software engineer Brandon Iles, who is also listed as co-founder of the project. As per its LinkedIn page, Ampleforth currently lists just over a dozen team members, the vast majority of which operate in the San Francisco Bay Area. Ampleforth is unique in that it aims to provide a truly non-correlated asset that can be used for diversifying cryptocurrency portfolios, as a reserve collateral for decentralized finance (DeFi) applications and eventually as an alternative to central-bank money that is resistant to shocks. Ampleforth achieves this by using an entirely new system, which sees the circulating supply expand and contract in response to consumer demand, without diluting any individual stakeholder. Ampleforth believes that this property makes it suited as a new type of base money for the digital economy — similar to how gold was previously used as the base money to many fiat currencies prior to the dissolution of the Bretton Woods agreement. Because the Ampleforth supply is unaffected by inflation or any other dilutive factors, it is uniquely positioned as an asset that is able to maintain its purchasing power against other assets. This makes it attractive as a hedge and as an alternative to fiat currencies suffering from rampant devaluation. Read about Bitcoin (BTC)—the first-ever blockchain-based cryptocurrencyDAI is another stablecoin solution, which instead achieves its stability through the over-collateralization of altcoins. Learn more about stablecoins with CoinMarketCap AlexandriaFor the latest news, market updates, tricks, and tips, check out the CoinMarketCap blogUnlike the vast majority of cryptocurrencies, Ampleforth does not have a fixed minimum or maximum supply. Instead, the number of AMPL tokens in circulation will continue to grow if the price stays above $1, whereas it will continue to shrink if it is below $1.In addition to several private investment rounds, Ampleforth raised $4.9 million in an initial exchange offering (IEO) launched on Tokinex. As part of this sale, AMPL tokens were sold at $0.98 each. Ampleforth initially launched with a circulating supply of 50 million tokens. According to the original transparency report, these tokens were allocated as follows: 23.2% to the ecosystem; 18.5% to seed investors; 3.3% to series A investors; 10% to Tokinex IEO participants; 25% to the Ampleforth team and advisors; and 20% to the treasury.As per a more recent report (August 2020), the most notable changes to the supply distribution include ~42.5% of AMPL is now held by the community, while 23.5% is allocated to liquidity mining programs. As an ERC-20 token, Ampleforth is built on top of the Ethereum blockchain, and benefits from the strength and security that comes with its extensive node and miner network. Beyond this, the integrity of the Ampleforth network is maintained by a decentralized network of oracles, which are used to feed in the price data used to determine whether there needs to be a positive or negative rebase. Until December 2019, Ampleforth was previously the only oracle provider used to source market data, but it has since integrated Chainlink oracles for the same purpose — helping to avoid the centralization of oracle data. Now, data from multiple aggregators is used in the logic behind the rebase function. Ampleforth tokens, sometimes known simply as amples, can be purchased and traded on well over a dozen cryptocurrency platforms against both other cryptocurrencies and fiat assets. As it stands, KuCoin is the most popular centralized exchange for AMPL, whereas Uniswap is the most popular decentralized exchange for AMPL. If you’re looking to purchase AMPL or other cryptocurrencies with a credit or debit card, check out our simple guide to get started.', 'website': 'https://www.ampleforth.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ampleforth', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.ampleforth.org/paper/', 'other_links': ['www.ampleforth.org', 'https://t.me/Ampleforth'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['www.ampleforth.org', 'https://twitter.com/ampleforthorg', 'https://reddit.com/r/ampleforthcrypto'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Rebase', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 193, 'name': 'Ark', 'symbol': 'ARK', 'id': '1586', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ark/', 'slug': 'ark', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "ARK is a cryptocurrency- and blockchain- based development platform allowing anyone to create their own fully customizable and interoperable blockchain. Reducing the industries need for Smart Contracts by using custom transactions, logic and multiple programming languages. ARK was founded in mid 2016, running an ICO later that year which raised $800K. Sound financial planning has allowed the team to become a well-funded entity since its inception. On March 21, 2017, the ARK Public Network went live, hosting the native ARK crypto asset. The ARK business entity formed shortly after, called ARK ECOSYSTEM SCIC. The business entity is commonly referred to as 'ARK.io' which is part of the teams branding as well as the teams website.The ARK Ecosystem consists of an open-source blockchain technology stack authored in TypeScript programming language. ARK’s public network acts as a live implementation of ARK technology, node operators acting as delegates on the network, standalone blockchains running on ARK technology with independent node operators, a business entity that develops products powered by ARK as well as assists in maintaining the code base, an enterprise division driving adoption as well as a community of users, developers and service providers. The ARK Public Network supports special transaction types such as multi-payment, multisignature, various registration transactions, and IPFS hash transactions. ARK’s Deployer product, allows fully customizable interoperable blockchain creation using a graphical user interface. This plug and play creation method allows developers to fully utilize ARK’s consensus model, technology stack, product line and custom transactions.ARK aims to solve the difficulty of working with blockchain technology and developing solutions that satisfy various use cases. The ARK Core Framework is designed to give developers easier access to blockchain technology. This framework consists of the ARK Core, which acts as the backbone of an ARK-based network, handling peer-to-peer operations, ledger database management, API access, custom business logic and more. Within the ARK Core Framework is the Generic Transaction Interface (GTI), which enables developers to create custom transaction types that run on a customized blockchain and fulfill the developer's desired use case. The concept is similar to building a decentralized application in Solidity. However, there is no complex new language to learn as the GTI functions in TypeScript. Lastly, the decentralized ARK-based application and any related crypto assets would run on a sovereign interoperable blockchain to address scaling concerns. You cannot mine ARK, ARK is forged by elected delegates that run the network. ARK runs on a custom designed delegated proof-of-stake blockchain with 51 forging delegate slots and eight second block times. Each forged block creates 2 ARK which is sent to the validating/forging delegate for it’s work. Delegates are elected by ARK token holders. The token holders voting power is locked at 1 ARK = 1 Vote, as users cannot vote for more than one delegate with a given wallet address. This addresses concerns with centralization and power groups that have plagued DPoS in the past. Potential forging delegates can run instances of the ARK Core and campaign for forging status by gathering vote weight from token holders. Users who wish to place their delegate into one of the top 51 slots execute a special vote transaction using the ARK Desktop or ARK Mobile wallets, assigning vote weight to the delegate. ARK used in voting is not locked and can freely exit and enter the voting wallet address at any time. The staking rewards system is handled by the delegates themselves and each delegate's reward system is completely unique to each. The ARK team does not run the ARK public network.You can buy ARK at any crypto exchange that supports the digital currency. For the latest list of exchanges and trading pairs for this cryptocurrency, you can check out the full list on the ARK website or click on our market pairs tab. There are also downloadable exchange plugins for the ARK Desktop Wallet. ARK can be stored on an exchange, in the ARK wallets, multi asset crypto wallets, crypto debit card wallets or ledger hardware wallets.", 'website': 'http://ark.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ArkEcosystem', 'whitepaper': 'https://ark.io/Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['ark.io', 'https://t.me/arkannouncements', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/VNRfxwQ'], 'explorers': ['explorer.ark.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'blog.ark.io', 'https://twitter.com/ArkEcosystem', 'https://reddit.com/r/ArkEcosystem'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Payments', 'State channels', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Interoperability', 'Scaling', 'Staking', 'Storage']} ,
{'rank': 194, 'name': 'RSK Infrastructure Framework', 'symbol': 'RIF', 'id': '3701', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/rsk-infrastructure-framework/', 'slug': 'rsk-infrastructure-framework', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.rifos.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/riflabs', 'whitepaper': 'https://developers.rsk.co/rif/', 'other_links': ['www.rifos.org', 'https://t.me/rif_os_community'], 'explorers': ['explorer.rsk.co'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/rif_os', 'https://reddit.com/r/rifos'], 'property': ['Services', 'Filesharing', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 195, 'name': 'JUST', 'symbol': 'JST', 'id': '5488', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/just/', 'slug': 'just', 'max_supply': '9,900,000,000', 'about': 'JUST is a popular new decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem built for the TRON blockchain. It is an entire suite of products that are mostly centered around a decentralized stablecoin lending platform known as JustStable. The platform launched in August 2020 following an initial exchange offering (IEO) on the Poloniex LaunchBase platform earlier that same year, but the native governance token of the platform (JST) has been circulating since May 2020. It is a two-token ecosystem built around the USDJ and JUST (JST) tokens. USDJ is a multi-collateral stablecoin that has its value pegged to the value of the US dollar (USD), whereas JST has a variety of functions on the platform — paying interest, helping maintain the platform and participating in its governance, helping to set parameters like interest rates (stability fees) and the minimum collateralization ratio. To obtain USDJ on JUST, traders need to deposit collateral in the form of supported collateral tokens — including TRON (TRX), which are exchanged to PTRX tokens and locked as collateral forming a collateralized debt position (CDP). Depending on the amount of collateral deposited, users can then mint and withdraw USDJ, which must later be repaid to retrieve the initial collateral. The platform is designed to provide a fair and borderless hub of DeFi products, that any TRON user can access. The JUST ecosystem is managed by the JUST Foundation, which includes individuals from Alibaba, Tencent, IBM and "other world-class internet companies," while JUST\'s financial analysis team hails from "several global investment banks" according to the project website.Some of the most prominent individuals include Terance F (a blockchain expert and ex-Barclays and IBM employee), Elvis Zhang (a senior developer and experienced blockchain researcher), C Wu (a specialist in wallets and exchanges) and GL Kong (an experienced blockchain engineer and early crypto adopter).The full names and profiles of much of the JUST team is not public. However, it appears that the project shares some overlap with the TRON development team, since the platform was announced by TRON CEO and founder Justin Sun, and has received technical and financial support from TRON. Unlike most other DeFi platforms, JUST isn’t just looking to offer a single product that offers utility to a small subset of DeFi users. Instead, it’s attempting to build an entire suite of products that cover a range of DeFi use cases, forming the foundations of a complete DeFi ecosystem on TRON. As of January 2021, the JUST ecosystem consists of five distinct products, all of which are designed to interoperate and provide additional utility to users. These are:Check out Compound (COMP) — a decentralized borrowing and lending protocol built on Ethereum. Check out JustSwap — the most popular decentralized exchange on TRON.Learn about the latest crypto lingo with the CoinMarketCap crypto glossary. Stay on top of the latest announcements, crypto news, and educational articles with the CoinMarketCap blog.As of January 2021, a total of 2.26 billion JST is in circulation, out of a maximum supply of 9.9 billion. This represents 23% of the maximum supply.These tokens are earned by depositing, lending, and providing liquidity on the JUST Network or by completing several other actions — such as by participating in special campaigns. According to the original IEO on Poloniex, the full JST token supply is distributed as follows:Further information about the allocation of JST tokens, including the specifics of the vesting period for the JUST team and its inflation rate is currently unknown. However, it is known that all team tokens will be fully vested by April 2022. As a TRC-20 token, the JUST Network is secured by the underlying TRON blockchain. Unlike other platforms that use the energy-intensive proof-of-work (POW) consensus mechanism to maintain the integrity of the blockchain and ward off potential attacks, TRON uses the energy-efficient delegated-proof-of-stake (dPOS) system.This sees TRON (TRX) token holders elect super representatives tasked with generating blocks and packaging transactions. Together, the 27 super representatives are responsible for keeping the network secure. The JUST (JST) token is highly liquid and can be traded on some of the most well-reputed exchange platforms around — including Binance, Poloniex, OKEx and Bithumb. As of January 2021, the most popular trading pairs for JST include JST/USDT, JST/KRW and JST/BTC.A handful of cryptocurrency exchanges also support direct fiat purchases of JST. To learn more about buying cryptocurrency using your credit or debit card, check out our simple guide.', 'website': 'https://just.network/#/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.just.network/docs/white_paper_en.pdf', 'other_links': ['just.network', 'https://t.me/just_defi'], 'explorers': ['tronscan.org'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/defi_just'], 'property': ['DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 196, 'name': 'Travala.com', 'symbol': 'AVA', 'id': '2776', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/travala/', 'slug': 'travala', 'max_supply': '61,228,716', 'about': 'Travala.com, founded in 2017, is the leading blockchain-based travel booking platform backed by Binance.Travala.com allows people to book more than 3,000,000 travel products including accommodations, flights and activities in 90,124 destinations in 230 countries and territories across the globe. The platform’s creators claim that it is typically cheaper than traditional, mainstream booking platforms.Travala.com uses a native token, AVA, which powers the Customer Loyalty Program (Smart Program), Standard Booking Givebacks, Best Price Guarantee, Referral Program, Affiliate Program and more. Travala.com was founded by Steve Hipwell, Matt Luczynski and Juan Otero. They are a team with extensive experience in blockchain development, travel and fintech from some of the world’s largest companies.Current CEO and co-founder Juan Otero brings a wealth of experience in some of the largest tech companies in the world including Oracle and Booking.com.Current COO and co-founder Steve Hipwell brings over 10 years’ experience in the online travel booking industry.The rest of the Travala.com team with over 60 team members hails from a wide range of disciplines and includes a combination of developers, engineers, designers, marketing experts and more.The main principle and goal of Travala.com is to make crypto payments a mainstream option in the travel industry. Travala.com also bills itself as a cheaper alternative to the traditional booking methods due to the fact that it has no hidden costs and has more transparent practices.AVA, the native token of Travala.com, powers an unrivalled loyalty program offering real-value tokenized rewards that can be saved or spent for travel of all types.Learn about 1inch.Learn about UniLend.Learn how to mine Bitcoin (BTC) on CMC Alexandria.Learn more about cryptocurrencies on the CoinMarketCap blog.Travala.com (AVA) has a circulating supply of 49,872,252 tokens and a maximum supply of 61,112,681 AVA as of May 2021.Travala is built on three layers that make its ecosystem possible, which are the Travala DApp, the Travala Protocol and the Travala Consensus. The DApp layer functions as its user interface; its main goal is to allow the customers to browse offerings and book items according to their individual choice.The protocol layer handles the economic engine of the platform and supports the implementation of the NEP-5 contract standard across the entirety of the layer. The protocol layer is also home to a host of smart contracts that govern the interactions between all stakeholders within the Travala ecosystem, including travelers and suppliers. The platform takes advantage of the Neo (NEO) blockchain’s smart contract functionality for the booking process itself. The consensus layer handles the records on the Travala platform; this layer is completely built on the NEO blockchain and uses dBFT or delegated Byzantine Fault Tolerant protocol that uses some features of the delegated proof-of-stake consensus.If you are interested in buying, selling, or trading Travala (AVA), you can do so on the following exchanges:If you want to learn how to buy cryptocurrency, read our guide for buying Bitcoin by clicking here.', 'website': 'https://t.me/travala', 'whitepaper': 'https://whitepaper.travala.com/', 'other_links': ['www.travala.com', 'book.travala.com', 'https://t.me/travala'], 'explorers': ['explorer.binance.org', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['t.me', 'blog.travala.com', 'https://twitter.com/travalacom', 'https://reddit.com/r/Travala'], 'property': ['Hospitality', 'Marketplace', 'Medium of Exchange', 'Payments', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Tourism']} ,
{'rank': 197, 'name': 'Divi', 'symbol': 'DIVI', 'id': '3441', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/divi/', 'slug': 'divi', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Divi is a blockchain project that aims to accelerate the adoption of digital currencies. In line with its slogan of “crypto made easy,” Divi looks to make using cryptocurrencies a simple, frictionless task, helping to make digital assets more accessible to everyday users. Divi says that it can achieve this by moving the complicated intricacies of blockchain technology behind the scenes while presenting users with a simple intuitive user experience that is consistent across all Divi apps. The combination of Divi\'s unique blockchain implementation and its intuitive Smart Wallet makes cryptocurrency transactions faster, cheaper, and easier to use, according to Divi — with an added focus on reducing the risk of user errors. With its custom one-click masternode installer known as MOCCI, Divi users can set up a masternode to help secure the Divi ecosystem and participate in the transaction validation process and earn rewards while doing so.Since its launch in September 2018, the Divi project has racked up a number of accolades — including winning third place in the 2018 "Token Tank" contest at World Crypto Con in Las Vegas, and as well as being rated the number number best masternode platform by Omni Analytics, behind Dash and PIVX.The Divi founding team is composed of three experienced individuals: Geoff McCabe, Michael Greenwood and Nick Saponaro. Geoff McCabe is Divi’s CEO. Geoff is a serial entrepreneur who played a major role in the success of several multi-million dollar businesses and is regularly seen in the media discussing cryptocurrencies and other financial technologies. He also works as the founder of LightningWorks, a blockchain and NFT-based media company that uses Divi as the primary payment method. Michael Greenwood previously held the role of CTO at Divi, but left the platform in 2019 to pursue other ventures. He is an experienced software engineer that has held several prominent positions at major firms (including Microsoft) and has a wealth of experience in the fields of user experience (UX), artificial intelligence and security. Lastly, Nick Saponaro was previously Divi\'s lead full-stack developer, but was promoted to CIO in January 2019 — a role he still holds to this day. Nick is responsible for managing Divi\'s blockchain and Smart Wallet development teams — applying his experience as a developer to help deliver on Divi’s strategic goals. Divi describes itself as a "novel solution" designed to solve some of the "biggest and most lucrative problems in the crypto world". To this end, it has implemented several unique features that help set it apart from other projects.These include the Divi Smart Wallet, a UX-focused wallet that supports multiple cryptocurrencies, including DIVI, Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH) and Ethereum (ETH). This is designed to eliminate most user errors, making it suitable for even inexperienced crypto users. In addition, Divi has made it easy for users to contribute to the security of the network and earn rewards for doing so with its one-click masternode setup tool. Divi masternodes are available in multiple tiers and have simple cost schedules. The top-end masternodes can generate a reported 25.8% APR. Alternatively, users can simply stake their Divi to earn rewards that are paid out by the network. As of January 2021, a minimum of 10,000 Divi is required to earn staking rewards. Part of each block reward is also allocated to a lottery process, with the entire pot being distributed to one lucky staker each week.  \\\nDivi claims to boast ten times the transaction capacity of Bitcoin, but plans to extend this even further with its own version of Bitcoin\'s Lightning Network — using side channels to move crypto around near instantly.Check out Litecoin (LTC) — a lightweight cryptocurrency designed for fast payments.Check out BitMax — the most popular exchange for Divi tokens.Learn more about distributed ledger technology (DLT) with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Are you subscribed to the CoinMarketCap blog?DIVI was initially launched as an ERC-20 token running on the Ethereum blockchain, but the platform moved to a native blockchain in September 2018. This process also saw 1 ERC-20 DIVI exchanged for 100 native DIVI tokens.At genesis, Divi\'s proof-of-stake (POS) blockchain had 617,160,700 coins in circulation. This supply is incremented each year due to the number of new DIVI that is minted with each block. At first, this was set to 1,250 coins per block, but will be reduced by 100 coins per block until 2029 — at which point, just 250 DIVI will be minted per block.Out of these block rewards, 45% is distributed to masternodes, 38% to DIVI stakers, 9% to the Divi development and marketing treasury, 7% to the exchange and liquidity treasury, and 1% to charity.Divi is built around a custom-designed proof-of-stake (POS) blockchain that uses a combination of masternodes and individual staking to keep the network secure. Beyond its standard network-based security, Divi also takes steps to ensure that users and their funds are kept secure at the individual wallet level. It achieves this by building several layers of security into its Smart Wallet product, including biometrics, multi-signature capabilities and a private key recovery service. Divi has hinted that they will also be looking to implement a time-lock feature, which will irreversibly lock coins for a specific period. Divi\'s code has also been audited by third-party security professionals — ensuring there are no known vulnerabilities.DIVI is currently available to purchase and trade on a handful of exchange platforms — the most prominent of which are BitMax and Bithumb Global. As of January 2021, DIVI can be traded against Bitcoin (BTC), Tether (USDT) and XRP. There are currently no direct DIVI to fiat trading pairs available. To learn more about buying cryptocurrencies with fiat, click here.', 'website': 'https://www.diviproject.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Divicoin/Divi', 'whitepaper': 'https://wiki.diviproject.org/#whitepaper', 'other_links': ['www.diviproject.org', 'https://t.me/diviproject'], 'explorers': ['diviscan.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'blog.diviproject.org', 'https://twitter.com/DiviProject', 'https://reddit.com/r/DiviProject'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'Masternodes', 'Wallet'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 198, 'name': 'Everipedia', 'symbol': 'IQ', 'id': '2930', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/everipedia/', 'slug': 'everipedia', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://everipedia.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/EveripediaNetwork/', 'other_links': ['everipedia.org', 'https://t.me/everipedia'], 'explorers': ['bloks.io', 'eosflare.io', 'www.eosx.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/everipedia', 'https://reddit.com/r/Everipedia'], 'property': ['Media', 'Loyalty', 'Content Creation'], 'self_reported_tags': ['EOS', 'Ethereum', 'DeFi', 'Crowdsourcing']} ,
{'rank': 199, 'name': 'Wanchain', 'symbol': 'WAN', 'id': '2606', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/wanchain/', 'slug': 'wanchain', 'max_supply': '210,000,000', 'about': 'Wanchain is a distributed ledger that allows for cross-chain transactions and the interoperability of multiple chains. Although Wanchain facilitates transactions between blockchains, it is also a stand-alone blockchain that runs autonomously. The protocol acts as a distributed ledger that processes and maintains records of cross-chain transactions.Transactions on Wanchain do not only occur between different public blockchains but between private chains as well. As an Ethereum (ETH) fork, Wanchain enjoys some of the properties of the Ethereum blockchain. The protocol securely and autonomously processes applications via smart contracts. The use cases for Wanchain include decentralized exchanges (DEXs), lending and borrowing platforms, stablecoins, crowdfunding, multi-currency payments and settlements.The platform is totally decentralized and requires no custodian party to manage or confirm transactions. Unlike other cross-chain systems, Wanchain does not rely on a third-party platform to authenticate transactions. The locked account mechanism is used to secure and manage accounts on the network, eliminating third-party interferences. Wanchain was founded by Jack Lu in 2017 and is headquartered in Beijing, China and Austin, Texas.Jack Lu, the founder and CEO, is an entrepreneur and technical expert with an interest in blockchain. Before Wanchain, he was the co-founder and CTO at Factom in 2014. Lu has also founded Wanglutech, a blockchain protocol focused on data deposit certificates and digital assets.Li Ni, the VP of operations, is a computer scientist with over 15 years of experience in the technology industry. He is also experienced in marketing, business development and sales. He has formerly worked at ZTE, SuperMap Software and Delta Electronics. Weijia Zhang, the VP of Engineering, is an engineer and R&D expert with experience in fields like software modeling, blockchain and cognitive sciences. He was the principal software engineer at DELL for several years. Zhang has over twenty pending and granted tech patents. Wanchain is trying to create a broader market for digital assets by establishing connections between various standalone chains. The platform has been able to develop a series of applications via smart contracts, security systems and its own coin (WAN).Most cross-chain transactions are completed through third-party platforms. Wanchain’s uniqueness lies in its decentralization. The platform employs multi-party computing and threshold secret-sharing technology to manage accounts autonomously.The platform has three major cross-chain functionalities. One of these functionalities is the registration module. It also possesses a cross-chain transaction data transmission module and a transaction status query module. The three components are involved from the start to the end of a connection. Similar projects to Wanchain include Ripple (XRP) and ICON (ICX).The native token of the platform, WAN, is used in payments and on-chain governance. The total amount of tokens sold during the initial coin offering (ICO) was 107,100,000, worth about 120,000 ETH at the time. The maximum supply is 210,000,000 WAN, while the circulating supply is 169,028,581 WAN as of March 2021.39% of the total supply of tokens has been allocated to the founders of the project, 51% to the investors, and 10% to airdrops and rewards. WAN is used for transactions both within the parent chain and across chains. WAN is a fork of Ethereum and uses proof-of-stake (PoS). Wainchain issued ERC-20 WAN tokens to all ICO participants. When the mainnet launched in 2018, the ERC-20 token was adapted to Wanchain’s native chain.The platform’s validation nodes are divided into Vouchers (verify cross-chain transactions), Storemen (manage locked accounts) and Validators (perform regular verifications). Nodes need to stake WAN before they can validate transactions on the network. The locked accounts are created through cryptographic encryption.WAN tokens can be purchased on exchanges such as:Validators can also earn WAN as a reward for validating transactions.Read our comprehensive guide to learn more about buying Bitcoin (BTC) and other cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://wanchain.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/wanchain', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.explorewanchain.org/#/', 'other_links': ['wanchain.org', 'https://t.me/WanchainANN', 'https://t.me/WanchainCHAT'], 'explorers': ['www.wanscan.org', 'wan.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/wanchain_org', 'https://reddit.com/r/wanchain'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Enterprise solutions', 'DeFi', 'Interoperability']} ,
{'rank': 200, 'name': 'Populous', 'symbol': 'PPT', 'id': '1789', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/populous/', 'slug': 'populous', 'max_supply': '53,252,246', 'about': 'Populous is a network designed to offer small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) invoice liquidity for up to 90 days. Launched in 2017, Populous is designed to enable peer-to-peer (P2P) interaction between enterprises, boost liquidity and solve problems with working capital for SMEs.By relying on blockchain technology and smart contracts, the Populous network facilitates decentralized communication between businesses and allows them to share liquidity pools. According to the network’s official whitepaper, there is a need for liquidity in the sector, and Populous is trying to bring the solution. By providing short-term liquidity to enterprises through P2P lending, the network gives enterprises quick access to capital, which cannot be achieved by waiting for customers to settle invoices. Populous was founded by two twin brothers from south London Steve and Sam Williams. Steve Williams graduated in philosophy from London Metropolitan University, and since November 2016, he is the acting CEO of Populous. Sam Williams turned to other business ventures, founding The Trend View and Zloadr.Populous aims to innovate the way liquidity is handled in small and medium enterprises. By introducing blockchain technology and smart contracts, the platform allows peer-to-peer interaction between businesses, lenders and invoice settlers. This means that the completely decentralized system charges significantly lower fees on liquidity loans and does not use intermediaries to facilitate the connection between lenders and borrowers.Invoice selling is a relatively new financial tool that allows businesses to get loans on their outstanding invoices to use the underlying capital even if the customer has not yet paid the invoice. Populous transfers the process of lending money backed by invoices onto the blockchain, making it more scalable, faster, and easier for enterprises to use. The network has attracted funding from big firms, such as Fireblue Capital.Read more about Enzyme.Find out more about Axion.Learn more about smart contracts.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.Populous (PPT) tokens have a maximum supply of 53,252,246 PPT. All of these tokens have been minted and released to the public. After the initial coin offering (ICO), Populous founders and team received 32.4% of the total supply. The remaining 67.6% have been distributed among investors and interested third parties. The circulating supply of PPT is the same as the maximum supply — 53,252,246 tokens.As an Ethereum-based project, PPT is an ERC-20 token. The ERC-20 compatibility of PPT allows them to be stored and traded on a wide variety of exchanges. Populous also utilizes a second on-chain token called Poken, which is not tradeable on the market and is used to facilitate transactions on the blockchain.PPT trading is available on a number of cryptocurrency exchanges, including:Read more about buying crypto.', 'website': 'https://populous.world/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bitpopulous', 'whitepaper': 'http://populous.co/populous_whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['populous.world', 'https://bitpopulous.slack.com/', 'https://telegram.me/PopulousIP'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/BitPopulous'], 'property': ['Logistics']} ,
{'rank': 201, 'name': 'HEX', 'symbol': 'HEX', 'id': '5015', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hex/', 'slug': 'hex', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Designed and launched by Richard Heart on 2 December 2019, HEX describes itself as a Certificate of Deposit on the blockchain.HEX is an ERC20 token launched on the Ethereum network. HEX is designed to be a store of value to replace the Certificate of Deposit as the blockchain counterpart of that financial product used in traditional financial markets. HEX is also designed to leverage off the emerging DeFi (Decentralised Finance) ecosystem in cryptocurrencies within the Ethereum network. HEX uses the Ethereum network for the transaction layer (sending and receiving HEX tokens, as well as interacting with the HEX smart contract), whilst the consensus code and staking mechanism is contained in the HEX smart contract.HEX allows a user to stake his or her HEX coins for a share of the new HEX coin issuance, or inflation and contains features designed to incentivize behaviors that encourage price appreciation and disincentivize behaviors that encourage harm to the price. The HEX smart contract penalizes stakers for ending their stake early and rewards them for staking larger amounts of HEX for longer periods.HEX is distributed to Bitcoin holders by way of a snapshot of the Bitcoin UTXO set that occurred on 2 December 2019 at block height 606227. The distribution of HEX to Bitcoin holders is 10,000 HEX per 1 BTC. Bitcoin holders are able to claim HEX only during the first year of launch. During this period, HEX is also obtained in exchange for ETH through interacting with the HEX smart contract.At the end of the first year of launch, all HEX coins that were not claimed by Bitcoin holders are distributed to the rest of the HEX users who have stakes that are active. The maximum possible annual inflation of HEX is designed to be 3.69% after the first year of launch.', 'website': 'https://t.me/HEXcrypto', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/BitcoinHEX', 'whitepaper': 'https://hex.win/techspecs.html', 'other_links': ['hex.com', 'go.hex.win', 'https://t.me/HEXcrypto'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/HEXcrypto', 'https://reddit.com/r/HEXcrypto']} ,
{'rank': 202, 'name': 'Egoras', 'symbol': 'EGR', 'id': '5075', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/egoras/', 'slug': 'egoras', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Launched on 18/11/2019 by a team-based in the United States and Nigeria. Egoras protocol aims to address issues facing microfinance sectors like high-interest rates, dependence on banks, and indebtedness. Egoras protocol uses an on-chain treasury system to make sure that Egoras protocol does not lack the funds or liquidity for the loans and these funds are governed by the people. Finally, the Egoras protocol introduces collateral lending to address over-indebtedness in the microfinance sector, small business assets will be converted to non-fungible tokens and it represents the collateral and these assets will be sold off when the borrower defaults the loan.All loans are over collateralized by real-world assets like real estate, vehicles, and supply chain invoices. The real-world assets backing are represented as NFTs.By voting on Egoras, users can support causes that they care about and make an impact. ', 'website': 'https://egoras.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/EgorasMarket/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.egoras.com/', 'other_links': ['egoras.com', 'https://t.me/egorasmarket'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['egoras.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/egorasmarket', 'https://reddit.com/r/egoras'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DAO', 'DeFi', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'DApp', 'Yield farming']} ,
{'rank': 203, 'name': 'KickToken [old]', 'symbol': 'KICK', 'id': '2017', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/kick-token/', 'slug': 'kick-token', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Kick Ecosystem describes itself as a set of FinTech tools that form a “one-stop-shop” for every user from all over the world. These tools aim to cover all financial needs. KickToken acts as a central currency, which resides on the Ethereum platform. The ecosystem comprises an exchange (KickEX.com), a referral program KickRef (ref.kickex.com), a white label token sale solution (KickDesk), STO listing and trading, a unified login system (KickID), a multicurrency wallet (KickWallet), a crypto payment gateway (KickPay), ad network integration (KickCPA), a mobile app (KickMobile), a messaging service (KickMessenger), a crypto markets research institute KickAcademy (academy.kickex.com) and exchange-pricing solutions (AIO and IEO). For more information on the token and ecosystem please visit (KickEX.com) and (ref.kickex.com).', 'website': 'https://kickex.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/kickecosystem/KICKTOKEN_FINAL', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.kickico.com/whitepaper/', 'other_links': ['kickex.com', 'https://t.me/kickico'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/KickEcosystem', 'https://reddit.com/r/KICKICO_Platform'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'Crowdfunding'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi', 'Wallet', 'Smart Contracts', 'Payments', 'Platform', 'Services', 'E-commerce', 'Centralized exchange', 'Marketplace']} ,
{'rank': 204, 'name': 'Fei Protocol', 'symbol': 'FEI', 'id': '8642', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/fei-protocol/', 'slug': 'fei-protocol', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Fei protocol is an algorithmic stablecoin for DeFi. The aim of Fei is to propose a technological solution in a sweet spot between rigid overcollateralized traditional stablecoin and unpredictable but centralised existing algorithmic stablecoins.Fei Protocol runs on two crypto assets: FEI stablecoin and TRIBE governance token.FEI is based on a novel kind of stablecoin mechanism called direct incentives. It aimed to be more capital efficient, feature a fair distribution and to be fully decentralized. The protocol uses the value it controls to maintain liquid secondary markets.The project was founded in December 2020 and immediately attracted significant interest in the crypto community. It resulted in $19 million VC investment in early March 2021. Among the names that have entered this project are Andreessen Horowitz (a16z), Coinbase Ventures, Nascent and Framework Ventures. The FEI genesis launch event was held as an IDO (initial defi offering) at the end of March and was finished by Apr. 3, 2021. During the event a total of 639,000 ETH was committed to the minting of the FEI stablecoin, or nearly $1.3 billion. Shortly afterwards it started to drop in price catastrophically, revealing a critical misjudge of incentive structure multiplied by the general public’s misunderstanding of the protocol’s ways and means. Moreover, each time the algorithm tried to adjust the rates to discourage FEI selling, it only made the matters worse. At the peak of the crisis it was traded pennies on a dollar. Weeks after the event FEI has not reached the 1:1 peg leaving the future of FEI protocol in question.Fei Protocol was founded by a team of Bay Area residents Joey Santoro, Brianna Montgomery and Sebastian Delgado. The decentralized stablecoin platform Fei was launched on March 31, 2021.Santoro is the founder at Fei Protocol and the CEO of Fei Labs. His background is in software engineering and crypto. Prior to Fei he has been a software engineer at Okta Inc, a software company, helping businesses manage digital identities. He graduated from Duke University, majoring in computer science in 2019, where he also has served as a research assistant and co-president of the local Blockchain Lab.Brianna Montgomery is the project’s business lead. Prior to joining the Fei team she has worked as a business lead at ConsenSys, a blockchain studio, building projects on Ethereum. She had a successful career featuring similar roles in a few other tech companies, including Coriant, DefenseStorm and nCino. She has a magna cum laude degree in business administration, marketing and economics from University of North Carolina at WilmingtonDelgado is the third co-founder of Fei Protocol. His experience includes serving more than two years at a DeFi project Dharma Labs as a software engineer and even longer at Uber in the same role. He graduated from the UС Berkeley with degrees in cognitive science and computer science.The project admittedly was backed by several high profile VC funds, including Nascent Capital, Andreessen Horowitz and Coinbase Ventures and internet celebrity guru Naval Ravikant.Stablecoins are a necessary tool for any crypto enthusiast who wants to secure their assets from undesired volatility and market fluctuations. Stablecoins are crypto assets designed to maintain a certain peg value, tethered to a fiat currency of choice, usually USD. There is no central bank for a stablecoin, or any cryptocurrency, so in order to achieve a 1:1 price parity with fiat it has to rely solely on crypto economics and sophisticated market incentive mechanics. A truly independent and effective stablecoin design is especially important in the world of decentralized finance.Fei protocol uses several unique approaches for balancing the stablecoin peg price and protecting collateral from price shocks. First of all, it is a two-coin algorithmic stablecoin, where once coin, FEI, is trying to maintain the peg, while the other one, TRIBE is used to absorb the volatility. Fei has a rebalancing mechanism that is activated when course deviation is prolonged. The protocol then uses its holdings of assets (PCV) to buy out and burn FEI tokens. This advantage claims to set FEI apart from other algorithmic stablecoins, and all because they don’t have a built-in function to buy back tokens in the event of a drop in demand.Secondly, FEI is based on a so-called protocol controlled value (PCV) model. PCV is a subset of the concept of TVL (total value locked), in which a platform outright owns the assets locked into the smart contracts. This is a very novel, and, to be frank, questionable, approach, because traditionally stablecoins work as a sort of IOUs and in the end the user could always demand to take back his collateral.Thirdly, Fei Protocol uses direct incentives to penalize trades away from the peg and reward trades towards the peg. This is supposed to modulate the FEI supply to produce a deflationary effect.By design, when the demand for the coin is high, to create new FEI coins a user has to put their assets into a Uniswap pool and basically mint new coins, everything is simple. When the demand is low, selling the coin back will burn it automatically correcting the price. Unfortunately the underlying model failed the founders to predict that by penalising the seller selling the FEI below the peg with burning more coins than he intended, it penalises the buyer as well, virtually killing all demand for the coin alongside the supply.Fei Protocol structure is assembled from several components: Fei Core (it’s an access control node), FEI stablecoin, binding curves, PCV deposits, PCV controllers, FEI incentives, TRIBE governance token and DAO. A protocol can be modulated, new features can be voted on by deploying a contract and granting it a role.Find out more about Maker DAO, another algorithmic stablecoin.What are ERC-20 tokens? Click here and find out.Having a strong back-to-school feeling? Do not hesitate, take our DeFi 101 guide.For more insights and news on crypto, check out our blog.Fei is a stablecoin, like with any other stablecoin it’s max total supply is not capped. It will be minted or burned following the demand.Fei Protocol\'s primary issuance mechanism for FEI are bonding curves. These bonding curves can have any parameterization but should follow a pattern: use a curve with a desirable growth rate > have a "shift" that determines the starting price > have a "Scale" target at which the curve switches to fixed relative to the oracle peg > have a "buffer" which is a percentage premium above the peg that the curve trades at post-Scale.The Fei Core Team insists to only issue bonding curves denominated in decentralized tokens/Fei Protocol bonding curves are buy-only, meaning that purchasers must go elsewhere to sell their FEI. The Fei Protocol prioritizes PCV liquidity with the assets it receives from the curve. Additionally, the price function of a bonding curve is not based on the total circulating supply of FEI but only based on the amount of FEI purchased on that specific bonding curve. Fei Protocol is launching with a single, ETH denominated bonding curve with plans for more as the protocol scales.However since FEI protocol is a two-coin stablecoin, we should also pay attention to the second token, TRIBE, which is designed to absorb all the surplus value in FEI. TRIBE distribution in short is as follows: community/team/investors split is 80/15/5, where community liquidity is instant, investors have a linear time-lock and the team has back-weighted time-lock with a total of 5 year vesting.FEI is a stablecoin built on Ethereum, but there are nuances. FEI is a regular ERC-20  token, based on the OpenZeppelin ERC-20 Burnable code with modifications. As such, it is secured by Ethereum’s Ethash proof-of-work algorithm and the power of the Ethereum network, second only to Bitcoin in hashpower.Moreover, the protocol uses different user roles with varying levels of access and responsibility, their functionality pretty much defined by their signifiers: Governor, Minter, Burner, PCV Controller and Guardian. The roles are managed with the Fei Core contract.Almost immediately after the public launch, the public was informed of an existing breach that could potentially allow a malevolent attacker to withdraw a significant portion of ETH out of the FEI Uniswap pool. The breach was discovered due to a generous bug bounty program and was reported not to have been exploited. FEI is a freely tradable token, available on a number of exchanges, most of them decentralised due to the specific focus of the protocol. Exchanges trading FEI include Uniswap (V2), 1INCH, Gate.io and Ox. Another place to buy or sell FEI is through their website. Existing pairs include Ethereum, Tether (USDT) and other coins. Please do your own due diligence upon making a decision to take your money to any crypto exchange.If you want to learn more about how to buy Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, read our starter’s guide, and take a look at the top DeFi tokens by market capitalization.', 'website': 'https://fei.money/', 'whitepaper': 'https://fei.money/static/media/whitepaper.7d5e2986.pdf', 'other_links': ['fei.money', 'https://t.me/feiprotocol', 'https://discord.gg/2prhYdQ5jP'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/feiprotocol'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Stablecoin']} ,
{'rank': 205, 'name': 'Wrapped BNB', 'symbol': 'WBNB', 'id': '7192', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/wbnb/', 'slug': 'wbnb', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.binance.org/', 'other_links': ['www.binance.org'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/Binance_DEX'], 'property': ['Binance Smart Chain'], 'platform': ['Wrapped Tokens']} ,
{'rank': 206, 'name': 'SafeMoon', 'symbol': 'SAFEMOON', 'id': '8757', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/safemoon/', 'slug': 'safemoon', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'SafeMoon Protocol is a decentralized finance (DeFi) token. According to the SafeMoon website, SafeMoon has three functions that take place during each trade: Reflection, LP Acquisition and Burn. SafeMoon protocol is a combination of RFI tokenomics and an auto-liquidity generating protocol. According to an article, SafeMoon plans to develop a non-fungible token (NFT) exchange, as well as charity projects and crypto educational apps. With SafeMoon protocol, token holders will earn more SAFEMOON depending on how many coins they have. This can be up to an 80% APY, which is staggering when compared to traditional interest accounts. SafeMoon protocol will gain value over time thanks to its coin-burning strategy, making it a deflationary digital currency. SafeMooon Protocol will be expanding to include an NFT marketplace and coin launchpad which will allow users to create their own cryptocurrencies via the platform. SafeMoon protocol has an ambitious roadmap thanks to its growing popularity and they wish to be listed on the leading exchanges, launch a decentralized exchange (DEX), and increase their partnerships by the end of 2021. SafeMoon launched on Mar. 8, 2021.John Karony is the CEO at SafeMoon, according to his Twitter profile.The SafeMoon white paper notes that a big problem in the emerging DeFi industry is the existence of high APY LP-farms that don’t have easy access for newcomers to the space. With SafeMoon, they aim to use the idea of static rewards (making the reward conditional upon the volume of the token being traded) in order to remove any pressure on the token that could occur when tokens are sold. As well, the white paper notes that their “reflect mechanism” adds incentive for SafeMoon holders to keep their tokens for longer, or HODL. SafeMoon’s Automatic LP also adds stability to the protocol by providing a price floor/cushion for token holders. SafeMoon’s manual burn strategy also helps SafeMoon token holders in the long term, according to their white paper. Check out BNB.Check out PancakeSwap.Learn more about DeFi here.Check out the CoinMarketCap blog.The SafeMoon white paper describes the following: a total supply of 1,000,000,000,000,000, with 223,000,000,000,000 burned dev tokens and a fair launch supply of 777,000,000,000,000,The SafeMoon protocol, according to the white paper, works in the following way: in each trade, the transaction is taxed with a fee of 10%, which is cut in half. While 5% of the fee is redistributed to all of the token holders at the time, the other 5% is then split in half again, with 50% sold by the contract into BNB, and the remaining 50% automatically paired with the aforementioned BNB and added to PancakeSwap as a liquidity pair.The SafeMoon white paper has the following plan for the safety of its protocol: the developer burned all tokens in the Dev Wallet before launch, there was a fair launch on DxSale, the LP is locked on DxLocker for four year, and an LP is generated with every trade and locked on PancakeSwap. As of April 2021, you can purchase SafeMoon on PancakeSwap and BitMart.For more information about how to buy Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, check out our guide here.', 'website': 'https://safemoon.net/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/safemoonprotocol/Safemoon.sol/tree/main', 'whitepaper': 'http://safemoon.xyz/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/SAFEMOON-WHITE-PAPER.pdf', 'other_links': ['safemoon.net', 'https://t.me/safemoonv2'], 'explorers': ['www.bscscan.com'], 'community': ['safemoon.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/safemoon', 'https://reddit.com/r/SafeMoon'], 'property': ['Memes', 'Binance Smart Chain']} ,
{'rank': 207, 'name': 'Counos X', 'symbol': 'CCXX', 'id': '5482', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/counos-x/', 'slug': 'counos-x', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Launched on 1 June 2019 by a team based in Switzerland, Counos X was designed to facilitate payments and clearing purchase invoices, especially for easy exchange with fiat money. While its price is determined in the market, attempts will be made to prevent its value from fluctuating too much.Road Map:\nhttps://www.counos.io/counos-x-roadmapFor details on staking:https://www.counos.io/counos-smart-staking', 'website': 'https://ccxxblocks.counos.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/counos-platform/counos-X', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.counos.io/Data/Sites/1/media/whitepages/counos-x-white-page.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.counos.io/CounosX', 'www.counos.io/counos-x-r...', 'https://t.me/counosio', 'https://t.me/csccryptocurrency'], 'explorers': ['ccxxblocks.counos.org'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'www.counos.io', 'https://twitter.com/counoscoin', 'https://reddit.com/r/Counosplatform'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 208, 'name': 'Creditcoin', 'symbol': 'CTC', 'id': '5198', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/creditcoin/', 'slug': 'creditcoin', 'max_supply': '2,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.creditcoin.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/gluwa/Creditcoin', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.creditcoin.org/white-paper', 'other_links': ['www.creditcoin.org', 'https://t.me/CreditcoinOfficial'], 'explorers': ['www.creditcoinexplorer.com', 'etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 209, 'name': 'Huobi BTC', 'symbol': 'HBTC', 'id': '6941', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/huobi-btc/', 'slug': 'huobi-btc', 'max_supply': '6,910', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://t.me/huobiglobalofficial', 'source_code': 'https://cn.etherscan.com/address/0x0316EB71485b0Ab14103307bf65a021042c6d380#code', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.hbtc.finance/static/pdf/whitepaper-en.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.hbtc.finance/en-us/', 'www.hbtc.finance/en-us/a...', 'https://t.me/huobiglobalofficial'], 'explorers': ['www.hbtc.finance', 'ethplorer.io', 'etherscan.io', 'scan.hecochain.com'], 'community': ['support.hbfile.net', 'medium.com', 'blog.huobi.com', 'https://twitter.com/HBTC_Official', 'https://reddit.com/r/HuobiGlobal'], 'platform': ['Heco Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 210, 'name': 'The Transfer Token', 'symbol': 'TTT', 'id': '5514', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/the-transfer-token/', 'slug': 'the-transfer-token', 'max_supply': '2,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://t.me/AtomOfficialSNS', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/atom-solutions/TheTransferToken', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.atom-solutions.jp/whitepaper/TTT_Whitepaper_ver.1.2_en.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.atom-solutions.jp/en...', 'www.atom-solutions.jp/en...', 'https://t.me/AtomOfficialSNS'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/AtomOfficialSNS', 'https://reddit.com/r/AtomSolutions'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Payments', 'Ethereum', 'Ethash', 'Japan']} ,
{'rank': 211, 'name': 'INO COIN', 'symbol': 'INO', 'id': '3085', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ino-coin/', 'slug': 'ino-coin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Launched on 10 Jan 2018 by a team based in Malta, Ino Coin was built with the sole mission of helping new businesses with funding raising. After investing in INO, users can reportedly receive smart services products from the projects they support. Ino Coin aims to be the global platform for funding and guiding prospective young blockchain projects to success. It claims to be backed by a team with extensive technical and business skills, It aims to offer a decentralized system for joint decision making between the lead- team, project representatives, and investors and owners of the currency.', 'website': 'https://inocoin.eu/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/InoCoin', 'other_links': ['inocoin.eu', 'https://t.me/joinchat/IVXqBA86cfnqps3zHxB7FA'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/InoCoin2018', 'https://reddit.com/r/InoCoin'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Crowdfunding']} ,
{'rank': 212, 'name': 'stETH (Lido)', 'symbol': 'STETH', 'id': '8085', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/steth/', 'slug': 'steth', 'max_supply': '141,554', 'about': 'stETH is the tokenised form of staked Ether native to Lido. Lido is a liquid staking solution for Ethereum backed by several industry-leading staking providers. It makes staked ETH liquid and allows participation with any amount of ETH.stETH combines the value of your initial staking deposit plus staking rewards which accrue daily. Your stETH balance updates daily as 12pm UTC to reflect earned staking rewards, with the update taking place through a token supply rebase.Lido’s stETH can be used as one would use ether, allowing holders to earn Eth2 staking rewards in addition to rewards through integrated platforms like Curve and SushiSwap.When users stake their ETH with Lido they receive stETH in return representing their staked balance. stETH can be sold on exchanges - to effectively unstake - or redeemed for Ethereum once enabled.As a user’s staked ETH generates staking rewards from ETH 2.0, the user’s ETH balance on the beacon chain will increase. stETH balances will update correspondingly once per day allowing you to access on ETH 1.0 the value of your staking rewards received on ETH 2.0.Users can use stETH in all of the same ways that they can use ETH: sell it, spend it and, since it is compatible to be used in DeFi, use it as collateral for on-chain lending. When transactions are enabled on ETH 2.0, users can also redeem stETH for ETH.The supply of stETH tracks the number of ETH deposited into the Lido contract. The total supply of stETH can be tracked via the token contract address. stETH is available for trading on a growing number of exchanges including Curve, 1Inch, Uniswap and SushiSwap.', 'website': 'https://lido.fi/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/lidofinance', 'whitepaper': 'https://lido.fi/static/Lido:Ethereum-Liquid-Staking.pdf', 'other_links': ['lido.fi', 'https://discord.gg/vgdPfhZ', 'https://t.me/lidofinance'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['blog.lido.fi', 'https://twitter.com/lidofinance', 'https://reddit.com/r/lidofinance'], 'property': ['ETH 2.0 Staking'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 213, 'name': 'Liquity USD', 'symbol': 'LUSD', 'id': '9566', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/liquity-usd/', 'slug': 'liquity-usd', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'LUSD is the USD-pegged stablecoin used to pay out loans on the Liquity protocol. At any time it can be redeemed against the underlying collateral at face value.To borrow you must open a Trove and deposit a certain amount of collateral (ETH) to it and can then draw LUSD up to a collateral ratio of 110%.', 'website': 'https://www.liquity.org/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docsend.com/view/bwiczmy', 'other_links': ['www.liquity.org', 'https://discord.com/invite/2up5U32'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/LiquityProtocol', 'https://reddit.com/r/Liquity'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Stablecoin']} ,
{'rank': 214, 'name': 'WhiteCoin', 'symbol': 'XWC', 'id': '268', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/whitecoin/', 'slug': 'whitecoin', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Whitecoin is a community-based decentralization project with more than five years of history. The project was launched in early 2014. The main members of the original development team are from the Netherlands, Germany, Finland, Australia and other countries. The newly upgraded Whitecoin will adopt RPOS mechanism to realize the functions such as cross-chain asset management, cross-chain transfer, exchange, and cross-chain value transfer. The upgraded Whitecoin public chain provides three main functions: cross-chain assets management, smart contracts, decentralized exchanges, and the core feature: community governance mechanisms. The upgraded Whitecoin is a cross-chain project, which has reportedly realized the function of cross-chain asset management. The team claims that it is the largest cross-chain public chain in the world. It aims to provide a benchmark and demonstration for breaking the barriers among various public chains. For more details, please see (https://www.whitecoin.info).', 'website': 'http://explorer.whitecoin.info/#/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.whitecoin.info/pdf/Whitecoin%20Technical%20White%20Paper_en.pdf', 'other_links': ['whitecoin.info', 'xwc.com', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/GbpdbMt'], 'explorers': ['explorer.whitecoin.info'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/WhiteCoiner', 'https://reddit.com/r/whitecoin'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['rPOS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Interoperability', 'Staking']} ,
{'rank': 215, 'name': 'Symbol', 'symbol': 'XYM', 'id': '8677', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/symbol/', 'slug': 'symbol', 'max_supply': '8,999,999,999', 'about': 'Symbol is a trusted and secure enterprise blockchain that smooths business friction, increasing the flow of data and innovation to supercharge the creation, exchange and protection of assets. Symbol is purpose-built to help businesses cut costs, reduce complexities, and streamline innovation. Launched in March 2021, Symbol utilizes a unique hybrid (public/private) architecture, enabling businesses to benefit from the transparency that public chains offer, while also permitting data restrictions and encryption measures to be put in place for more confidential information. With major upgrades in flexibility, security, speed and ease of use, the Symbol platform is the best-in-class blockchain enterprise solution.XYM is the native currency of the Symbol public blockchain, and is used as the core value transfer mechanism for the blockchain.NEM Group is a parent company designed to support the growth of the NEM ecosystem leading up to the launch of Symbol (NEM 2.0), NEM’s next generation enterprise blockchain and NEM NIS1, NEM’s original blockchain platform. Formed in 2020 by a team of experienced leaders and enterprise experts, NEM Group is a streamlined commercial governance structure overseeing and coordinating the activities of NEM Software, NEM Trading and NEM Ventures, to ensure the delivery of Symbol and support the growth of the NEM ecosystem. NEM Software focuses on product and business development; NEM Trading is responsible for all finances, including liquidity management, exchange support and token lending; and NEM Ventures is the venture capital and investment arm, focused on strategic partnerships.NEM Group’s mission is to effectively coordinate and align efforts to foster the growth of a strong and healthy ecosystem that will contribute to the development of blockchain technology for generations to come.', 'website': 'https://t.me/nemred', 'source_code': 'https://docs.symbolplatform.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://nemtech.github.io/catapult-whitepaper/main.pdf', 'other_links': ['symbolplatform.com', 'nem.io', 'https://t.me/nemred'], 'explorers': ['explorer.symbolblockchain.io', 'explorer.symbolblockchain.io'], 'community': ['forum.nem.io', 'https://twitter.com/NEMofficial', 'https://reddit.com/r/nem']} ,
{'rank': 216, 'name': 'DeFiChain', 'symbol': 'DFI', 'id': '5804', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/defichain/', 'slug': 'defichain', 'max_supply': '1,200,000,000', 'about': 'DeFi Blockchain is a decentralized blockchain platform specifically dedicated to enable fast, intelligent, and transparent decentralized financial services, accessible by everyone, everywhere.Running on a proof-of-stake consensus mechanism, it features proven security and immutability by anchoring its most recent Merkle root to the Bitcoin blockchain every few minutes.\nThe platform also features unparalleled high transaction throughput for all transactions, and reliable decentralized governance, on and off-chain.The DeFi Foundation is located and incorporated in Singapore as a company limited by guarantee (resembling a foundation structure).\nThe foundation is led by highly experienced blockchain experts Dr. Julian Hosp (chairman), and U-zyn Chua (CTO).The DeFi Blockchain is designed for investors in the cryptocurrency market who are looking to make their cryptocurrency work just like any other form of capital, such that they can ensure a return on investment in any market. Features of the blockchain include Decentralized:\nLending, Wrapping of Tokens, Pricing Oracles, Exchanges, Transferable Debts and Receivables, Non-Collateralized Debt, Asset Tokenization, and Distribution of DividendsWhere to buy / trade DFI:\nDFI can be bought at a growing number of exchanges see here (https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/defichain/markets/)DFI can be stored on an exchange, or in a wallet, and staked with high staking rewards via staking pools / services like Cake Defi.', 'website': 'http://explorer.defichain.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/DeFiCh/ain', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.defichain.io/white-paper/', 'other_links': ['defichain.com', 'defi-chain.com', 'https://t.me/defiblockchain'], 'explorers': ['explorer.defichain.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/defichain', 'https://reddit.com/r/defiblockchain'], 'property': ['DeFi'], 'self_reported_tags': ['PoS', 'Singapore', 'Oracles', 'Smart Contracts', 'DApp', 'Payments', 'Scaling', 'Decentralized exchange', 'Masternodes', 'Derivatives', 'Interoperability', 'Yield farming', 'DEX', 'Tokenized Stock', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed', 'AMM']} ,
{'rank': 217, 'name': 'Bitcoin Cash ABC', 'symbol': 'BCHA', 'id': '7686', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-cash-abc-2/', 'slug': 'bitcoin-cash-abc-2', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Bitcoin Cash ABC is a blockchain and cryptocurrency created on Nov. 15, 2020, as a result of a hard fork in the Bitcoin Cash (BCH) blockchain that split the original chain into two new chains, provisionally called "Bitcoin Cash ABC" and "Bitcoin Cash Node." The latter retained the existing Bitcoin Cash name and ticker, while at the time of the fork, Bitcoin Cash ABC had not yet announced new branding.Bitcoin Cash ABC is based on the Bitcoin Cash protocol, which is itself a fork of the original Bitcoin (BTC) protocol. It is focused on providing a fast, highly scalable, global cryptocurrency in a manner that is sustainable in the long term.Bitcoin Cash ABC was first announced in 2017 by Amaury Séchet, also known as "Deadalnix," as a software solution for operating a Bitcoin Cash full node. Séchet was highly active in the development of Bitcoin Cash, leading its initial fork away from Bitcoin in August 2017, its continuation after Bitcoin SV (BSV) was forked from it in November 2018, and its most recent fork from Bitcoin Cash in November 2020. As lead developer of Bitcoin Cash ABC, which provided Bitcoin Cash network infrastructure, he was responsible for driving much of the development of Bitcoin Cash.Séchet first became involved with Bitcoin in 2011, later deciding to diverge from it due to what he believed was its inability to sufficiently scale. Prior to working on Bitcoin Cash ABC, he was a software engineer at Facebook, was involved in the LLMV language compiler project, and was lead developer for Stupid D Compiler, a D compiler commonly known as SDC. He previously worked with another Bitcoin Cash node software, Bitcoin Unlimited, which he left in May 2019.As a fork of Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Cash ABC retains many of the same characteristics. Its main goal is to create money that is "usable by everyone in the world" and that will "dramatically increase human freedom and prosperity." It uses a larger block size than Bitcoin as a way to increase transaction times and scalability.Bitcoin Cash ABC introduced two main changes to its protocol that differentiate it from Bitcoin Cash: a new mining difficulty adjustment algorithm known as Aserti3--2d, or ASERT, and a requirement that 8% of all newly minted BCHA be allocated to fund the further development of the network. The second change, known as the "coinbase rule," proved to be controversial and was a primary contributor to the fork. However, Séchet has argued that having a self-funding mechanism is in line with the original vision of Bitcoin.Fifty percent of the BCHA raised through the coinbase rule goes to the development team to fund its continued operations and strategic initiatives, which include establishing adaptive block sizes, overhauling the mempool, hiring new staff and more. The remaining 50% goes to the Global Network Council, a governance system through which developers, miners and major token holders can vote on how the funds should be reinvested into the ecosystem.Learn more about Bitcoin Cash, the cryptocurrency from which Bitcoin Cash ABC was forked.Learn more about Bitcoin SV, which itself was forked from the Bitcoin Cash blockchain.Want more background? Read an in-depth analysis of what led up to the fork on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap\'s online educational resource.Stay up to date on the latest blockchain and crypto developments with the CoinMarketCap Blog.Bitcoin Cash ABC has a fixed maximum supply of 21 million BCHA.BCHA tokens were first introduced in November 2020 at the time of its fork from Bitcoin Cash. After the fork occurred, all BCH token holders automatically owned an equal amount of BCHA. This resulted in many exchanges --- including Binance, OKEx, Upbit, Kucoin and Houbi Global --- listing the token and airdropping BCHA into the wallets of BCH token holders.New BCHA is introduced into circulation in form of block rewards through the blockchain\'s proof-of-work consensus and SHA-265 mining algorithms. Eight percent of all block rewards are reserved for network and ecosystem development, while the remaining 92% is distributed to miners. Every 210,000 blocks, the blockchain undergoes a halving, which reduces the block reward by 50%.The Bitcoin Cash ABC network is secured using a proof-of-work consensus algorithm --- the same as is used by Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin. At least 51% of all full nodes in the network must agree that a transaction is valid in order for it to be posted, and new blocks are added to the blockchain through the mining process, in which users compete among one another to solve complex, energy-intensive problems under a SHA-265 mining algorithm.In addition, Bitcoin Cash ABC founder Séchet has argued that by using a self-funding revenue model under the coinbase rule, the security of the network is further enhanced, as now miners and developers alike are incentivized to protect the network because their income depends on it. Upon achieving a stable revenue stream, Bitcoin Cash ABC has stated it intends to hire more staff to be able to better address security vulnerabilities.BCHA is available to purchase on exchanges such as Binance, Upbit, CoinEx and MXC.COM, among others. It can be traded against fiat currencies such as the South Korean won, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash, and stablecoins such as Tether (USDT) and Binance USD (BUSD).All those who held BCH at the time of the fork automatically own an equal amount of BCHA as well.Are you interested in buying BCHA or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://www.bitcoinabc.org/', 'other_links': ['www.bitcoinabc.org'], 'explorers': ['explorer.bitcoincash.org', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/bitcoin_abc', 'https://reddit.com/r/BitcoinABC']} ,
{'rank': 218, 'name': 'NXM', 'symbol': 'NXM', 'id': '5830', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/nxm/', 'slug': 'nxm', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://nexusmutual.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/NexusMutual', 'other_links': ['nexusmutual.io', 'https://t.me/joinchat/K_g-fA-3CmFwXumCKQUXkw', 'https://discord.com/invite/xxFaAEn'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/NexusMutual'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Insurance', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 219, 'name': 'Zelwin', 'symbol': 'ZLW', 'id': '5614', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/zelwin/', 'slug': 'zelwin', 'max_supply': '300,000,000', 'about': 'Online trading platform ZELWIN is a place where digital assets and e-commerce are combined.For every purchase, customers get guaranteed cashback in ZLW tokens. They instantly are able to exchange these tokens for various cryptocurrencies, USD/EUR, send them to VISA/MasterCard, or save them up.11 teams worked on this powerful project, including developers, designers, sales specialists, programmers, blockchain technology specialists, lawyers, economists, PR specialists and marketers, HR specialists, e-commerce specialists, and many others.In addition, Zelwin claims it is a ready-made product with a clear business model, mass adoption, and powerful affiliate program.', 'website': 'https://zelwin.com/', 'other_links': ['zelwin.com', 'https://t.me/ZelwinRussia'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/ZELWINofficial']} ,
{'rank': 220, 'name': 'Venus BNB', 'symbol': 'vBNB', 'id': '7961', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/venus-bnb/', 'slug': 'venus-bnb', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://app.venus.io/dashboard', 'other_links': ['app.venus.io/dashboard', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/VenusProtocol']} ,
{'rank': 221, 'name': 'botXcoin', 'symbol': 'BOTX', 'id': '3873', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/botxcoin/', 'slug': 'botxcoin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://botxcoin.com/', 'whitepaper': 'http://botxcoin.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Whitepaper-botXcoin-4.pdf', 'other_links': ['botxcoin.com', 'https://t.me/botxcoin'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'botxcoin.com', 'https://twitter.com/botxofficial'], 'property': ['Marketplace']} ,
{'rank': 222, 'name': 'Pirate Chain', 'symbol': 'ARRR', 'id': '3951', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/pirate-chain/', 'slug': 'pirate-chain', 'max_supply': '200,000,000', 'about': "On 29 August 2018, several developers from the Komodo community piloted an independent asset chain with the technology offered by Komodo Platform. Pirate Chain harnesses Delayed Proof of Work (dPoW) from Komodo, zero-knowledge proof (zk-SNARKs) transactions from ZCash, and the rule of enforced private-only transactions by Monero. Whereas many other “privacy” coins have optional privacy features, Pirate (ARRR) claims to be a 100% private send cryptocurrency, as well as the first 'z transaction-only' chain. ZK-Snarks technology (zero-knowledge cryptography) is utilized to shield peer to peer transactions. The team claims that this has created the largest shielded private pool of funds of any privacy coin. Pirate is protected from 51% attacks by utilizing Komodo’s dPoW, meaning its blocks are notarized onto both Komodo and Bitcoin blockchains. Attempts to mount a Sybil attack against Pirate would have to overcome the combined hashrates of Bitcoin, Komodo, and Pirate. This is an astronomical cost that would deter malicious actors. Pirate started with a fair launch - no ICO, premine, and 0 dev fees.", 'website': 'https://pirate.black/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/PirateNetwork', 'whitepaper': 'https://pirate.black/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['pirate.black', 'https://t.me/piratechain', 'https://discord.com/invite/sqrCJce'], 'explorers': ['pirate.explorer.dexstats.info', 'pirate.kmdexplorer.io', 'explorer.pirate.black'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'pirate.black', 'https://twitter.com/PirateChain', 'https://reddit.com/r/piratechain'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['Hybrid - dPoW & PoW'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Privacy', 'Zero Knowledge Proofs'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 223, 'name': 'Bitpanda Ecosystem Token', 'symbol': 'BEST', 'id': '4361', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitpanda-ecosystem-token/', 'slug': 'bitpanda-ecosystem-token', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'BEST is the Bitpanda Ecosystem Token that offers the growing community of over 2 million Bitpanda users a wide range of rewards and benefits within the Bitpanda ecosystem. BEST is Bitpanda’s loyalty programme and generally speaking, the more BEST users hold, the more rewards they may be entitled to receive. BEST - The Bitpanda Ecosystem Token was issued by Bitpanda in August 2019 through Europe’s most successful Initial Exchange Offering (IEO). More than €43 million was invested into BEST at the IEO.From a technological point of view, BEST is issued on the Ethereum blockchain as an ERC20 token. An amount of 1 billion BEST was created (never to be increased) and 500,000,000 BEST was offered during the IEO, while the remainder is held by Bitpanda as company reserves. The raised funds are used to achieve Bitpanda‘s vision of democratising investments, to further grow the platform and to fuel expansion plans. Like Bitpanda grew following the IEO, so did BEST. The IEO price started at €0.09 for public investors, and since then, Bitpanda built new features and is making holding BEST more and more attractive for a steadily increasing amount of Bitpanda users.', 'website': 'https://www.bitpanda.com/en/best', 'whitepaper': 'https://panda-assets.ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com/pdfs/best/bitpanda-best-vision-paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.bitpanda.com/en/best', 'https://t.me/bitpanda_announcements'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/bitpanda', 'https://reddit.com/r/bitpanda'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Ethereum', 'Austria', 'Platform']} ,
{'rank': 224, 'name': 'Orbit Chain', 'symbol': 'ORC', 'id': '5326', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/orbit-chain/', 'slug': 'orbit-chain', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://orbitchain.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://orbitchainteam.gitbook.io/orbitchainwhitepaper/', 'other_links': ['orbitchain.io', 'https://discord.gg/32dphnE', 'https://t.me/Orbit_Chain'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'discord.gg', 'https://twitter.com/Orbit_Chain']} ,
{'rank': 225, 'name': 'ECOMI', 'symbol': 'OMI', 'id': '6432', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ecomi/', 'slug': 'ecomi', 'max_supply': '750,000,000,000', 'about': 'ECOMI is a Singapore-based technology company in the digitible collectible space. The company has created VeVe, a blockchain-based digital collectibles marketplace, for users to buy and share their collectibles across the social network service. ECOMI is made up of two different elements: the former ECOMI Collect ecosystem (now known as VeVe) and the ECOMI Secure Storage Wallet. VeVe contains the VeVe store, a second-hand market, an augmented reality showroom and a social feed. VeVe works with brands including Batman, Superman, Harley Quinn, Ghostbuster, NFL and MLB, along with others. The OMI token is a utility token that is used as a medium of exchange when a user buys, sells or trades their digital collectibles on the VeVe platform. OMI also ensures the immutable record of ownership for the digital collectibles. David Yu is the CEO of ECOMI. He founded his first business in 1996, and has since started various businesses across the license and retail industry. Daniel Crothers and Joseph Janik are the other two co-founders of ECOMI.ECOMI allows users to both buy and sell digital collectibles, as well as show off their items with VeVe’s social media aspect. VeVe also has brand partnerships with well-known licensors in the traditional collectors market, as mentioned, including many D.C. characters like Batman and Wonder Woman.VeVe allows users to create virtual showrooms to share their collectibles with other users globally, both on their phones and in augmented reality form that allows you to physically walk around these virtual settings. The augmented reality of VeVe means that you can also place your collectibles around you in AR.Learn more about Chiliz fan tokens.Learn more about NFTs.Discover the world of MyNeighborAlice.Check out the CoinMarketCap blog.The OMI token was first sold in an initial exchange offering on Bitforex as part of the private/pre-sale round, with a hard cap of 1,500 BTC. In every stage of the fundraising process, one OMI was equal to 1 satoshi. The total supply of OMI is 750 billion: 20% of the total supply was available during the OMI sales, equivalent to 150 billion OMI. Within the VeVe tokenomic system, about 40% (or 300 billion OMI) are held in the in-app reserve.The OMI token is a GO20 token, meaning that it is built on the GoChain blockchain. GoChain is a scalable, decentralized blockchain that supports smart contracts and decentralized applications (DApps). GoChain is also completely backwards compatible with the Ethereum blockchain.You can buy OMI on several exchanges, including AscendEX (Bitmax), BitForex and Gate.io.For more information on buying cryptocurrency with fiat, check out CoinMarketCap’s guide.', 'website': 'https://www.ecomi.com/', 'other_links': ['www.ecomi.com'], 'explorers': ['explorer.gochain.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/ecomi_'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs', 'DAO Maker', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 226, 'name': 'Axie Infinity', 'symbol': 'AXS', 'id': '6783', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/axie-infinity/', 'slug': 'axie-infinity', 'max_supply': '270,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://axieinfinity.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://whitepaper.axieinfinity.com/', 'other_links': ['axieinfinity.com', 'https://discord.com/invite/axie', 'https://t.me/axieinfinity'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['axieinfinity.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/AxieInfinity', 'https://reddit.com/r/AxieInfinity'], 'application': ['Metaverse'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs', 'Gaming', 'Binance Launchpad', 'DeFiance Capital']} ,
{'rank': 227, 'name': 'HedgeTrade', 'symbol': 'HEDG', 'id': '3662', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hedgetrade/', 'slug': 'hedgetrade', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://hedgetrade.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/rublixdev/hedgtokenmint', 'other_links': ['hedgetrade.com', 'https://t.me/HedgeTradeHQ'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'eth.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/hedgetradehq'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'Marketplace', 'Discount token']} ,
{'rank': 228, 'name': 'Mirror Protocol', 'symbol': 'MIR', 'id': '7857', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/mirror-protocol/', 'slug': 'mirror-protocol', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'MIR is the governance token of Mirror Protocol, a synthetic assets protocol built by Terraform Labs (TFL) on the Terra blockchain.Mirror Protocol is decentralized from day 1, with the on-chain treasury and code changes governed by holders of the MIR token. TFL has no intention of keeping or selling MIR tokens, and there are no admin keys or special access privileges granted. The intent for this is to be a completely decentralized, community-driven project.Mirrored assets are blockchain tokens that behave like "mirror" versions of real-world assets by reflecting the exchange prices on-chain. They give traders the price exposure to real assets while enabling fractional ownership, open access and censorship resistance as any other cryptocurrency. Unlike traditional tokens which serve to represent a real, underlying asset, mAssets are purely synthetic and only capture the price movement of the corresponding asset.Mirrored assets provide the following advantages:', 'website': 'https://mirror.finance', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Mirror-Protocol/eth-web-app', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.mirror.finance', 'other_links': ['mirror.finance', 'https://t.me/mirror_protocol', 'https://discord.gg/TFrHSCuyXv'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'finder.terra.money'], 'community': ['mirror-protocol.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/mirror_protocol'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem', 'DeFi', 'Derivatives', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio'], 'platform': ['Synthetics']} ,
{'rank': 229, 'name': 'Pundi X[new]', 'symbol': 'PUNDIX', 'id': '9040', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/pundix-new/', 'slug': 'pundix-new', 'max_supply': '258,526,640', 'about': "Pundi X is a leading developer of blockchain-powered devices with the aim of transforming retail businesses with its blockchain-based point of sale solution. The solution allows retail merchants and consumers to conduct instantaneous in-store transactions on its blockchain.The blockchain solution was founded in 2017 and launched its ICO in January 2018 as the world's first point-of-sale solution. Following a successful ICO, Pundi X has successfully launched retailed focused services including XPOS, XWallet and XPASS as well as the world's first blockchain phone called BOB.The company, which has its headquarters in Singapore, has shipped its XPOS solution and devices to over 25 markets including the United States, Spain, Argentina, Korea, Australia, Colombia, Spain and Taiwan.The Pundi X project was founded in 2017 by Zac Cheah and Pitt Huang. The pair met in an HTML5 Interest Group in 2012, and the single idea that created the startup was a way of making cryptocurrencies a part of the daily lives of everybody.Zac Cheah currently serves as the CEO of Pundi X. Prior to his role at Pundi X, Zac was formerly the W3C Chair of the HTML5 Interest Group. Zac, a skilled programmer received his MS.c in Computing from the KTH Royal Institute of Technology, abbreviated KTH, Sweden, and M.Sc in cybersecurity from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Norway.Pitt Huang currently serves as the chief technical officer and chief operating officer of Pundi X. Pitt who began coding at the age of 10. In his high school, he was already building space games.He is also an avid entrepreneur and investor. At the age of 25, he had founded and sold his first Groupon-like company to Baizhu in 2008. He has started and sold several other businesses, including a 200 person company.The goal of the Pundi X project is to make cryptocurrency available to everyone. While other similar projects attempt to outperform the banking system, Pundi X looks to simplify transforming retail businesses to make this happen.Pundi X has created a blockchain payment ecosystem with the XPOS, XPASS and the virtual XWallet. The XPOS is the world's first blockchain-powered wireless point-of-sale (POS) for cryptocurrencies.Using the XPOS, retail merchants, as well as consumers, can easily buy, sell and transact using digital assets in physical stores. The product is designed to accept every cryptocurrency. Popular digital assets like Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Pundi X (PUNDIX) are listed within the ecosystem.The XWallet mobile app is the bridge between the regular digital asset wallets and the Pundi X payment ecosystem. Users can use the XWallet to easily manage their digital assets, make transfers, check balances, and top-up the supported cryptos in the XWallet. The virtual XPASS card is issued to every registered XWallet user.In June 2019, Pundi X launched the Open Platform to support more blockchains. Since then, DeFi developers and projects have registered and uploaded their ERC20 tokens to the Pundi X ecosystem, increasing its use.Find out about BitPay (BAY).Like the native tokens of other payment-centered crypto platforms, the great majority of the Pundi X (PUNDIX) tokens have been issued. Other brokerage services that take this approach include Binance (BNB), Voyager Token (VGX) and ( Troy (TROY).Pundi X initially launched with the PXS and PXSXEM tokens, the tokens were swapped for the PUNDIX tokens between March and September 2018. The swap rate was set at one PXS token for 1,000 PUNDIX. The current circulating supply of PUNDIX tokens is set at 235,514,908,115 tokens, while the max supply is set at 258,526,640,301 PUNDIX. At the moment, 91 percent of the PUNDIX tokens there ever will have been issued. The PUNDIX tokens are non-minable, they are instead issued weekly as staking rewards.Pundi X can be found across many of the leading crypto exchanges. The top exchanges for buying, selling, and trading in Pundi X (PUNDIX) are currently:BinanceUpbitBithumbHuobi GlobalVCC ExchangeHitBTC, and DigiFinex. You can find others listed on our crypto exchanges page.", 'website': 'https://pundix.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://pundix.com/pdf/PundiX_Whitepaper_EN_Ver.pdf', 'other_links': ['pundix.com', 'https://t.me/pundix'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/PundiXLabs']} ,
{'rank': 230, 'name': 'ASD (BTMX)', 'symbol': 'BTMX', 'id': '3673', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitmax-token/', 'slug': 'bitmax-token', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'AscendEX (formerly BitMax) is a global digital asset financial platform founded by a group of Wall Street quantitative trading veterans in 2018, building on core value of “Efficiency, Resilience and Transparency.”Driven by its continuous product development and early-mover advantage in strategic alignment with the DeFi ecosystem, AscendEX offers trading services across over 200 trading pairs across cash, margin, and futures products, in particular margin trading of over 50 tokens in cross-asset collateral mode and futures trading in both cross-asset and isolated margin modes.', 'website': 'https://ascendex.io/', 'other_links': ['ascendex.io', 'https://t.me/AscendEXEnglish'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/BitMax_Official', 'https://reddit.com/r/BitMax'], 'property': ['Centralized exchange']} ,
{'rank': 231, 'name': 'Hellenic Coin', 'symbol': 'HNC', 'id': '1004', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/helleniccoin/', 'slug': 'helleniccoin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Hellenic coin describes itself as an encrypted and private cryptocurrency. In order to perform a transaction, users only need a public and private key. Transactions are irreversible so as to prevent fraud. HNC has migrated in Scrypt Hybrid PoW/PoS algorithm, allowing Hellenic Coin network to benefit from all its advantages, whilst allowing us to correct or modify any parameter to better serve the needs of the platform. One can benefit by staking the coin, which requires a HNC Masternode that can be operated with a desktop wallet online, for at least 4 hours, plus 10.000 HNC. Hellenic Coin total supply is limited to 69.600.000 coins after the recent fork.Time efficiency is another characteristic of Hellenic Coin, as users can reportedly make global payments within half an hour. The user's private key provides ownership of the respective wallet address. The user's personal information is always hidden, even though his/her Hellenic coin address is transparent.", 'website': 'http://www.helleniccoin.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.helleniccoin.com/index.php/about-us/white-paper', 'other_links': ['www.helleniccoin.com', 'https://t.me/Helleniccoin_official', 'https://t.me/Hellenic_Coin'], 'explorers': ['blockexplorer.helleniccoin.gr', '128.199.116.18'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/CoinHnc', 'https://reddit.com/r/HellenicCoin'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'Scrypt'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 232, 'name': 'Persistence', 'symbol': 'XPRT', 'id': '7281', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/persistence/', 'slug': 'persistence', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Persistence is an interoperable protocol that provides sovereign environments to facilitate the creation of next-gen financial products.\nPersistence is a Delegated Proof-of-Stake chain that runs on Tendermint PBFT consensus algorithmPersistence operates at the confluence of DeFi, NFTs, and Proof-of-Stake and currently consists of 5 applications some of which are live and some will be going live in the year 2021 with many more applications in the pipeline\n1. Comdex: Comdex is an institutional user-facing application providing an end to end commodities trading solution such as trade discovery, trade settlement and trade financing\n2. pSTAKE: pSTAKE is a liquid staking application that allows stakers of prominent PoS networks to unlock liquidity of their staked assets and use these assets in DeFi while earning staking rewards\n3. Asset Mantle: Asset Mantle is a framework for NFT marketplaces. As a framework, Asset Mantle will provide all of the elements required to create individual marketplaces\n4. pLend: pLEND is a debt financing stablecoin platform backed by real-world assets such as invoices. It will allow stablecoin holders to seamlessly participate in the $7T+ global trade financing industry\n5. AUDIT.one is the validator arm of Persistence.one which provides top-tier validation services for leading PoS networksThe Persistence Core-1 Mainnet launched on 30th March, 2021 with a 100,00,000 XPRT genesis supply. 9.1% of the genesis supply (9,100,000 XPRT) is in circulation as of the launch of XPRT. XPRT supply is capped to a maximum of 403,308,352 XPRT and will come into supply over the next 15 years. To bootstrap the ecosystem, XPRT stakers will receive approximately 35% staking rewards in the first two years (Inflation halves every 2 year).Persistence was established in Q2 2019 by Tushar Aggarwal (CEO) and Deepanshu Tripathi (CTO).\nPrior to founding Persistence, Tushar was the first employee at LuneX Ventures (crypto arm of a traditional Singapore VC- Golden Gate Ventures) and helped set up the fund which was the first regulated Crypto VC fund in Southeast Asia. Deepanshu was part of a three person team that created a unified payment acceptance platform which was whitelabeled to Reliance (investors include Facebook, etc) and eventually sold to an African fintech company for $9,000,000.\nPersistence is currently a 25 member team which includes developers from IIT-Bombay (the most premiere tech institute in India) and other top technology institutions of India.XPRT will be listed on AscendEX (formerly BitMax) on 1st April, 2021 and can be bought against USDT with more exchanges lined up to support XPRT shortly after.', 'website': 'https://persistence.one', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/persistenceOne', 'whitepaper': 'https://persistence.one/static/media/whitepaper.aa159390.pdf', 'other_links': ['persistence.one', 'https://t.me/PersistenceOneChat', 'https://discord.com/invite/SaBKpjbnhH'], 'explorers': ['explorer.persistence.one', 'www.mintscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/PersistenceOne', 'https://reddit.com/r/PersistenceOne'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS'], 'property': ['Derivatives', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 233, 'name': 'TitanSwap', 'symbol': 'TITAN', 'id': '7206', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/titanswap/', 'slug': 'titanswap', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://titanswap.org/', 'other_links': ['titanswap.org'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/TitanSwaporg']} ,
{'rank': 234, 'name': 'Akash Network', 'symbol': 'AKT', 'id': '7431', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/akash-network/', 'slug': 'akash-network', 'max_supply': '388,539,008', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://akash.network', 'other_links': ['akash.network', 'https://t.me/akashnw'], 'explorers': ['akash.bigdipper.live'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/akashnet_'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Storage', 'Solana Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 235, 'name': 'yOUcash', 'symbol': 'YOUC', 'id': '7321', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/youcash/', 'slug': 'youcash', 'max_supply': '11,000,000,000', 'about': 'YOUcash (YOUC) is an integral part of YOUengine platform and YOUapp mobile app. The YOUengine aims to build a decentralized, tokenized advertising platform where over 200 million advertisers connect with 4 billion users who get paid for ads watching and more.YOUcash (YOUC) is the ERC-20 utility token that is used for:YOUengine allows advertisers to reach people around the world with real-time targeting and ad delivery for industry-leading ROI. Moreover, businesses can execute ‘airdrops’ for instant merchandise or token drops that can be geo-fenced and delivered via the “YOUgo” - augmented reality mobile game. Thanks to the Ethereum based cryptocurrency (YOUC), advertisers can pay directly to people for watching ads in a cheap and fast cross-border way. YOUengine claims to not keep users’ information in centralized data-servers. All users’ data are stored and encrypted in users’ smartphones only.YOUapp tools include:\n* YOUwatch, a tokenized video player where users watch ads and make money.\n* YOUsocial, a place where users get paid to be social.\n* YOUgo, an augmented reality game where users can explore real locations to find gifts.\n* YOUwallet, a cryptocurrency wallet where users can store and transfer their earnings. The total yOUcash token issue is 11 billion YOUC.YOUengine was founded by Michael Muenzing and Konstantin Chernov. Michael is a multi-award winning, a multi-platinum music producer who has been creating hit music since the mid-’80s, his music sold more than 100 million records. He has created several successful companies that include entertainment properties like ‘The Ministry of Sound’ and various enterprises in and out of the music and film industries. Konstantin is an Entrepreneur with 25 years of experience in media, marketing, and investments. He was the co-founder of several media and hi-tech projects in Russia, Germany, and Switzerland. He served as a CEO and marketing executive at several companies including the leading Russian media holding - Publishing house “Kommersant” and a private equity fund that specialized on international media and digital projects.YOUC is available for trading on a growing number of exchanges, with cryptocurrency and stablecoin pairs currently available.New to cryptocurrency? Read CoinMarketCap’s easy guide to buying Bitcoin or any other token.', 'website': 'https://youengine.io', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/YOUengine', 'whitepaper': 'https://youengine.io/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['youengine.io', 'https://t.me/YouEngineGroup'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'youengine.io', 't.me', 'https://twitter.com/younive87630435', 'https://reddit.com/r/YOUengineFANs'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Mobile', 'Payments', 'Platform', 'Marketing', 'Video', 'Entertainment', 'Wallet', 'Ethereum', 'United States of America', 'Germany', 'Russian Federation']} ,
{'rank': 236, 'name': 'Sologenic', 'symbol': 'SOLO', 'id': '5279', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/sologenic/', 'slug': 'sologenic', 'max_supply': '400,000,000', 'about': "Sologenic is merging traditional finance with blockchain. The Sologenic ecosystem aims to make it effortless for crypto investors to exchange assets and invest in different conventional financial instruments. The ecosystem aims to eliminate entry barriers for individual and institutional crypto investors. Sologenic allows them to trade non-blockchain asset classes, such as stocks, ETFs, and commodities, with one cryptocurrency SOLO. SOLO holders have access to a wide range of stocks from more than 30 global exchanges in North America, Europe, Asia, and Oceania. SOLO will enable people worldwide to buy and sell stock in their favorite companies without the need for traditional brokerages. Sologenic generates stablecoins backed 1:1 with real-world assets. Each stablecoin represents the ownership of real-world assets. Once tokenized, the asset issued on the blockchain is denominated with the suffix Ƨ, for example, a tokenized asset of TSLA is represented as TSLAƨ. Users can trade these tokenized assets against SOLO or XRP on Sologenic’s Decentralized Exchange (DEX). The users hold their private keys of the wallets, providing them complete ownership and authority over their crypto assets. The XRP Ledger allows for swift transactions, quick settlements, and improved security of the user's cryptocurrencies.100% of the transaction fees are burned by being sent to the gateway’s issuing address (Blackhole). This means that Sologenic practices a deflationary mechanism to bring down the total supply of SOLO tokens.SOLO holders are eligible to obtain a free SOLO Card to spend their cryptos or tokenized assets anywhere in the world. SOLO holders have various benefits with the SOLO Cards, such as monthly cashback, airport lounge access, discounts on select hotels and private events. SOLO holders can voluntarily participate in the Liquidity Provider Reward Program (LPRP), and receive rewards of up to 20% annually. There are multiple time-based programs, with both weekly or monthly participation models. Some of these programs come with flexible withdrawal terms, whereas others come with a fixed time-based deposit model. There is a daily reward payout mechanism for flexible programs and a time-based payout for fixed-term reward programs.", 'website': 'https://www.sologenic.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/sologenic', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.sologenic.com/downloads/sologenic-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.sologenic.com', 'https://t.me/SOLOGENICxGoSOLO'], 'explorers': ['bithomp.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/realSologenic', 'https://reddit.com/r/Sologenic'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 237, 'name': 'Klever', 'symbol': 'KLV', 'id': '6724', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/klever/', 'slug': 'klever', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': "Klever (KLV) is a crypto wallet ecosystem serving above 2 million users globally with Klever App, Klever Swap and Klever OS. Klever's emerging platforms Klever Blockchain, Klever Exchange and Klever Bank are set to launch in 2021, all powered by the utility token KLV.Klever App is a simple, versatile and secure self-custody crypto wallet, supporting the world’s major blockchains. The app offers 300+ trading pairs in Klever Swap, and direct access to ETH and TRX-based DApps in Klever Browser. Klever is a decentralized p2p and self-custody wallet network, putting the private keys in the hands of their users.KLV serves as the fuel for the entire Klever ecosystem, and ensures reduced Klever Swap fees. KLV Staking allows users to earn a passive income, with over 60% of all KLV in circulation currently frozen and staked by Klever users.Klever offers true self-custody and secure ownership of cryptocurrency. The security of Klever App is ensured by being built on top of Klever OS (Operating System), which uses advanced security mechanisms that protects the users’ private keys and funds. Klever OS SDK is a Wallet as a Service (WaaS) that offers military grade systems for encryption to any developer, but the unique security aspect is that the encryption happens locally inside the user’s device, in what is called the Native Core. Klever’s Native Core can be viewed as a Black Box inside Klever OS, and although this Black Box is able to communicate with the presentation or user interface element of the wallet system, it is completely isolated, making any exploit or hacker attempt virtually impossible against the wallet. The Klever ecosystem supports the world’s major blockchains, including:\n* Bitcoin (BTC)\n* Ethereum (ETH)\n* TRON (TRX)\n* Binance (BNB)\n* Ripple (XRP)\n* Litecoin (LTC)\n* DigiByte (DGB)\nDogeCoin (DOGE)\n* Dash (DASH)\n* Bitcoin Cash (BCH)\n* All ERC20 token\n* All TRC10 and TRC20 tokens\n* All BEP20 tokensKlever App is available for download for both Android and iOS devices at klever.io.[Klever (KLV) Whitepaper] (https://klever.io/downloads/Klever_Whitepaper_v1.5.pdf)\n[Klever Blockchain Whitepaper] (https://www.klever.finance/)\n[Klever Roadmap] (https://klever.io/en/roadmap/)\n[KLV Staking Earning Calculator] (https://klever.io/en/staking/)KLV is listed on some of the world’s top exchanges and is primarily traded with BTC, USDT, XRP, and TRX pairs on Kucoin, Bitrue, DigiFinex, TronTrade, Polonidex and in Klever Swap with 30 different trading pairs.", 'website': 'https://www.klever.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/klever-app', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.klever.io/s/Klever-Whitepaper-v15.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.klever.io', 'https://t.me/Klever_io', 'https://t.me/Klever_News'], 'explorers': ['tronscan.org'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/klever_io'], 'property': ['Wallet']} ,
{'rank': 238, 'name': 'Raydium', 'symbol': 'RAY', 'id': '8526', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/raydium/', 'slug': 'raydium', 'max_supply': '555,000,000', 'about': "Raydium is an automated market maker (AMM) and liquidity provider built on the Solana blockchain for the Serum decentralized exchange (DEX). Unlike any other AMMs, Raydium provides on-chain liquidity to a central limit orderbook meaning that funds deposited into Raydium are converted into limit orders which sit on Serum’s orderbooks. This gives Raydium LPs access to all of Serum’s order flow as well as their existing liquidity.RAY is the native utility token used for:Raydium launched its main net on February 21st, 2021 with 555,000,000 tokens created at genesis. 34% of all tokens will be released as liquidity mining incentives over a 3-year period. 30% of tokens are earmarked for partnerships and the expansion of the Raydium ecosystem. This includes giving grants to projects building projects around Raydium or helping our communities in general. These tokens are generally locked for 1 year and unlock linearly for the next 2 years.AlphaRay leads overall strategy, operations, product direction and business development for Raydium. With a background in algorithmic trading in commodities, Alpha transitioned to market making and liquidity providing for cryptocurrency in 2017 and hasn't looked back. After diving into DeFi in the summer of 2020, Alpha saw a market need for an order book AMM to aggregate liquidity, and with the release of Serum, pulled together a team of experienced trading developers to tackle the problem head on.\nXRay is Raydium's Chief of Technology and Dev Team leader. X has 8 years of experience as a trading and low latency systems architect for both traditional and crypto markets. X designs all of Raydium’s systems and infrastructure as needed.\nGammaRay heads up marketing and communications while also playing a key role in strategy and product direction. Gamma spent a large part of his career at a leading data analytics and market research firm, working on both client engagements and corporate marketing. Prior to Raydium, Gamma's focus within cryptocurrency has been technical analysis and discretionary trading.RAY is available on a growing number of exchanges with cryptocurrency and stablecoin pairs currently available.\nThe most liquid exchanges include Raydium.io itself, FTX.com and gate.io", 'website': 'https://raydium.io/#/', 'whitepaper': 'https://raydium.io/Raydium-Litepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['raydium.io', 'https://t.me/raydiumprotocol', 'https://t.me/raydium'], 'explorers': ['explorer.solana.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/raydiumprotocol'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'AMM', 'DEX', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'PetRock Capital']} ,
{'rank': 239, 'name': 'Frax', 'symbol': 'FRAX', 'id': '6952', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/frax/', 'slug': 'frax', 'max_supply': '131,992,706', 'about': "The Frax Protocol is the first fractional-algorithmic stablecoin system. Frax is open-source, permissionless, and entirely on-chain – currently implemented on Ethereum (with possible cross chain implementations in the future). The end goal of the Frax protocol is to provide a highly scalable, decentralized, algorithmic money in place of fixed-supply digital assets like BTC. The protocol incorporates the following concepts:Fractional-Algorithmic – Frax is a unique stablecoin with parts of its supply backed by collateral and parts of the supply algorithmic. The ratio of collateralized and algorithmic depends on the market's pricing of the FRAX stablecoin. If FRAX is trading at above $1, the protocol decreases the collateral ratio. If FRAX is trading at under $1, the protocol increases the collateral ratio. Decentralized & Governance-minimized – Community governed and emphasizing a highly autonomous, algorithmic approach with no active management. Fully on-chain oracles – Frax v1 uses Uniswap (ETH, USDT, USDC time-weighted average prices) and Chainlink (USD price) oracles. Two Tokens – FRAX is the stablecoin targeting a tight band around $1/coin. Frax Shares (FXS) is the governance token which accrues fees, seigniorage revenue, and excess collateral value.Before Frax, stablecoins were divided into three different categories: fiat collateralized, overcollateralized with cryptocurrency, and algorithmic with no collateral. Frax is the first kind of decentralized stablecoin to classify itself as fractional-algorithmic ushering in the 4th and most unique category. The supply of the FRAX stablecoin is dynamic and always changing to keep the price at $1 due to its fractional-algorithmic monetary policy. The supply of the Frax Shares (FXS) tokens are hard capped to 100 million tokens at genesis with no inflation schedule in the protocol. The FXS token is the governance token which accrues all value of new minted FRAX, fees, and excess collateral. FXS is an investment and governance asset while FRAX is the currency token. The Frax Protocol is a community driven and unique design stablecoin. Over 60% of the supply of FXS is issued over a number of years to liquidity providers and yield farmers. It is an entirely decentralized protocol with governance onchain. It is also the first and only stablecoin to incorporate the fractional-algorithmic hybrid design at the time of its launch in November 2020. The Frax Protocol is the brainchild of American software developer Sam Kazemian who came up with the first idea of a fractional-algorithmic stablecoin in 2019. The founding team of Frax engineers includes Travis Moore and Jason Huan. Sam Kazemian originally devised the idea when he noticed that stablecoins were growing rapidly but none had any mixture of algorithmic monetary policy and collateralization. Projects that had purely algorithmic monetary policy had failed or shut down without any significant traction. Frax was designed as an answer to measure the market’s confidence in a partly algorithmic and partly collateralized stablecoin. FRAX, the stablecoin, is available on many major exchanges and DeFi platforms like Uniswap and DEXes. The Frax Shares (FXS) tokens are also available and as liquid as the stablecoin. Investors looking to purchase upside and governance rights to the world’s first fractional-algorithmic stablecoin should buy Frax Shares (FXS). Users who want stability by using the world’s only fractional-algorithmic stablecoin should purchase FRAX.", 'website': 'https://frax.finance/#welcome', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/fraxfinance', 'whitepaper': 'https://frax.finance/whitepaper/', 'other_links': ['frax.finance', 'https://t.me/fraxfinance'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/fraxfinance'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Stablecoin', 'Seigniorage', 'Avalanche Ecosystem', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 240, 'name': 'Anchor Protocol', 'symbol': 'ANC', 'id': '8857', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/anchor-protocol/', 'slug': 'anchor-protocol', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://app.anchorprotocol.com', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Anchor-Protocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://anchorprotocol.com/docs/anchor-v1.1.pdf', 'other_links': ['app.anchorprotocol.com', 'https://t.me/anchor_official', 'https://discord.gg/9aUYgpKZ9c'], 'explorers': ['finder.terra.money'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/anchor_protocol']} ,
{'rank': 241, 'name': 'Doctors Coin', 'symbol': 'DRS', 'id': '5796', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/doctors-coin/', 'slug': 'doctors-coin', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://drscoin.net/', 'source_code': 'https://etherscan.io/address/0xD69b71cA59E8511814802da781e120f1F7D935Ec#code', 'whitepaper': 'https://drscoin.net/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['drscoin.net', 'https://t.me/beautypaycoin', 'https://t.me/drscoinofficial'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['t.me', 'https://twitter.com/drscoinofficial']} ,
{'rank': 242, 'name': 'sUSD', 'symbol': 'SUSD', 'id': '2927', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/susd/', 'slug': 'susd', 'max_supply': '142,399,574', 'about': 'sUSD is a synthetic USD token enabled by the Synthetix protocol. It tracks the price of the US Dollar through price feeds supplied by Chainlink’s decentralized network of oracles. sUSD is integrated across the DeFi ecosystem as one of the most liquid decentralized stablecoins, including at Curve. It can be traded without slippage for other assets native to the Synthetix protocol at Kwenta or Synthetix.Exchange.', 'website': 'https://www.synthetix.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Synthetixio', 'other_links': ['www.synthetix.io', 'https://discord.gg/AEdUHzt'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['blog.synthetix.io', 'https://twitter.com/synthetix_io', 'https://reddit.com/r/synthetix_io'], 'property': ['Store of Value', 'DeFi', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Algorithmically-Stabilized'], 'platform': ['Synthetics']} ,
{'rank': 243, 'name': 'Perpetual Protocol', 'symbol': 'PERP', 'id': '6950', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/perpetual-protocol/', 'slug': 'perpetual-protocol', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Perpetual Protocol was launched in late 2019, originally under the name of Strike Protocol. Perpetual Protocol builds on an Uniswap-inspired automated market maker (AMM) design (constant product curve). Perpetual Protocol’s liquidity pool (k) is virtualized and determined algorithmically. Rather than rely on liquidity providers to determine the curve of a given market, Perpetual Protocol can programmatically set and update the parameters of the virtual AMM (x*y=k) and offer a competitive product for any given market at all times.The team claims that PERP is the first virtual AMM (vAMM), which enables markets with no makers while still guaranteeing on-chain liquidity. These maker-less markets lowers the capital demands traditional markets require and pave the way for new and emerging futures. Perpetual Protocol’s Insurance Fund is guaranteed by the holders of its native token, $PERP. The Insurance Fund is used to cover any unexpected losses from leveraged trading. If the Insurance Fund is depleted, Perpetual Protocol will mint more $PERP to refill the Insurance Fund and cover the losses. $PERP holders can stake their assets to Perpetual Protocol’s staking pool for a fixed period of time. In return, stakers are rewarded with a percentage of the transaction fees accumulated across the protocol in addition to inflationary staking rewards.As the name suggests, Perpetual Protocol focuses exclusively on perpetual swap contracts. At launch, Perpetual Protocol will support BTC, ETH, and LINK, and can onboard other synthetic assets such as gold, crude oil, or other fiat currencies through governance in the future. Traders can get up to 20X leverage on both long and short positions. Perpetual Protocol is supported by a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) with a strong presence in Asia. It is not intended for United States residents or citizens.', 'website': 'https://etherscan.io/token/0xbc396689893d065f41bc2c6ecbee5e0085233447', 'other_links': ['perp.fi', 'perp.exchange', 'https://discord.com/invite/mYKKRTn'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/perpprotocol'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Derivatives', 'AMM', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 244, 'name': 'KLAYswap Protocol', 'symbol': 'KSP', 'id': '8296', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/klayswap-protocol/', 'slug': 'klayswap-protocol', 'max_supply': '126,141,000', 'about': 'KLAYswap is a complete on-chain instant swap protocol that operates with an on-chain liquidity pool, where liquidity is guaranteed by automated market-making (AMM) mechanisms. It is an on-chain swap service that allows anyone that has any KLAY or KCT-type token cryptocurrency to become a liquidity provider and earn income from transaction fee commissions. In KLAYswap, Ethereum-based tokens (ETH, ORC, DAI, WBTC) can be transferred to the Klaytn ecosystem via Orbit Bridge, a transparent IBC bridge, built on Orbit Chain, to offer yield farming with asset pairings previously unconnected in the decentralized worldThe KSP token is the governance token of the KLAYswap platform. Holders have the responsibility and authority to determine governance agendas in compliance with the protocol related rules and regulations to lead the development of the service. As such, KSP holders directly participate in deciding things like fees, mining distribution, and contracts. Another main utility of KSP is for creating new liquidity pools. A specific amount of KSP must be paid as a pool contract creation fee when a new KCT token pair pool is created on KLAYswap. The KSP token has a structure in which tokens can be acquired through liquidity mining. KSP is distributed only through liquidity mining in each Genesis block and is distributed as compensation to KLAYswap liquidity providers in proportion of their provided liquidity to the pool total.', 'website': 'https://scope.klaytn.com/token/0xc6a2ad8cc6e4a7e08fc37cc5954be07d499e7654?tabId=tokenTransfer', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.klayswap.com/', 'other_links': ['klayswap.com', 'klayswap.com/dashboard', 'https://t.me/Orbit_Chain', 'https://t.me/OrbitChainGlobal\r\nhttps://discordapp.com/invite/PJzE63A'], 'explorers': ['scope.klaytn.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/KLAYswap'], 'property': ['DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 245, 'name': 'Orion Protocol', 'symbol': 'ORN', 'id': '5631', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/orion-protocol/', 'slug': 'orion-protocol', 'max_supply': '100,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.orionprotocol.io/orn', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/orionprotocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.orionprotocol.io/hubfs/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.orionprotocol.io/orn', 'https://t.me/orionprotocol'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['blog.orionprotocol.io', 'https://twitter.com/orion_protocol'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'DAO Maker', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 246, 'name': 'Tribe', 'symbol': 'TRIBE', 'id': '9025', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tribe/', 'slug': 'tribe', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Fei Protocol will launch with a fully decentralized DAO on day one. The TRIBE token controls the DAO. TRIBE holders can vote on the following actions among others:\nAdding new bonding curves in new tokens or adjusting price functions of existing curve(s)\nAdjusting the allocation of PCV for new incoming funding or existing PCV', 'website': 'https://fei.money/', 'whitepaper': 'https://fei.money/static/media/whitepaper.7d5e2986.pdf', 'other_links': ['fei.money', 'https://t.me/feiprotocol', 'https://discord.gg/2prhYdQ5jP'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/feiprotocol'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Governance']} ,
{'rank': 247, 'name': 'Toko Token', 'symbol': 'TKO', 'id': '9020', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tokocrypto/', 'slug': 'tokocrypto', 'max_supply': '500,000,000', 'about': "Tokocrypto was launched in September 2018 and became the first entity registered under Indonesia's Commodities Futures Trading Regulatory Agency (BAPPEBTI) by November of that year. Tokocrypto’s latest project, TKO, is the first Indonesian cryptocurrency to offer a unique hybrid token model.The token serves several purposes on the Tokocrypto blockchain platform and allows users to participate in crypto exchanges, deposit and savings programs, cross-platform DeFi applications, and NFT marketplaces. Toko Token was officially launched in April 2021 and has since attracted the attention of both private and enterprise users. The Tokocrypto platform was created in tandem with Binance, which serves as a significant backing for the project and its future development. Pang Xue Kai is the founder and CEO of Tokocrypto. He graduated with a degree in engineering from the National University of Singapore and immediately launched into a tech career. His professional journey started as a product design engineer for TechnipFMC in 2015. He spent two years with the company and, in 2017, started polishing the idea for Tokocrypto. The company was officially launched in January 2018. Kai is also a governing council member of the Singapore Chamber of Commerce. Teguh Kurniawan Harmanda is the chief operating officer of Tokocrytpo. He graduated with a master’s course in economics of development from Universitas Gadjah Mada (UGM) in 2016. His professional career started as a product development and market feedback representative for Blaast in 2012. In 2016, he became the chief financial officer for AMAZARA, and in 2018 he joined Tokocrypto as the lead of business development. Since then, he climbed up the ranks and became the company’s COO.Chung Ying Lai is the chief strategy officer at Tokocypto. He graduated with honors in engineering from the National University of Singapore in 2015. After graduating, he joined TechnipFMC as a product design engineer, and in 2018 he became the business development director at Tokocrypto. In 2020, Lai moved rank up in the company and became the CSO.Tokocrypto and the Toko Token claim to bring revolutionary technology to the financial world in Indonesia. As the first company to employ blockchain technology and hybrid token functions in a single platform, Tokocypto brings decentralized finance (DeFi) to the general public in Indonesia. By promoting new business opportunities and community growth, the Tokocrypto platform employs blockchain decentralization powers to allow Indonesians to be part of a modern-day global financial system. The platform offers a wide array of functionalities that cater to a growing pool of customers. Read more about Pundi X NEM.Find out more about Polygon.Learn more about DApps.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.Toko token has a total and maximum supply of 500,000,000 TKO tokens. Of these, 20% went towards the Tokocypto Foundation and will undergo semi-annual distribution over five years.Another 17% were dedicated to marketing and advertising of the Toko Token and the Tokocrypto platform. 15% of the total token supply was distributed among founding team members as a reward for participating in the project. Partnerships and strategic ecosystem collaborations received another 17% of the supply. Tokocrypto has set aside 3% of all tokens as mining rewards and an additional 2% as rewards for project advisors. The company distributed 10% of the supply through community airdrops and dedicated 1% of tokens for private sales. Toko Token is a Binance Smart Chain token or a BEP20 coin. BEP20 is a developer-friendly token standard that allows anyone to deploy fungible digital currencies or tokens on Binance Smart Chain. What's more, leading digital assets on other chains can be ported onto the blockchain in the form of pegged BEP20 tokens.The Binance Smart Chain utilizes both delegated proof-of-stake (dPoS) and proof-of-authority (PoA) consensus mechanisms to secure transaction validation on the chain. In this model, there are elected validators who take turns in confirming transactions on the network and are tasked to produce the blocks in a PoA manner, which puts their stake and reputation in the community into consideration. To become a validator, a user has to stake BNB.As a Binance Smart Chain token, the best option to purchase TKO is through the Binance crypto exchange. It has the largest TKO/USDT trading volume as of April 2021.Another option to purchase TKO tokens is Gate.io.Find more information about buying crypto.", 'website': 'https://www.tokocrypto.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.tokocrypto.com/cdn/pdf/TKO%20Litepaper%20V2.0.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.tokocrypto.com', 'https://t.me/tkogroupofficial'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/tkobytokocrypto'], 'property': ['Centralized exchange', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Binance Launchpad']} ,
{'rank': 248, 'name': 'Venus BTC', 'symbol': 'vBTC', 'id': '7962', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/venus-btc/', 'slug': 'venus-btc', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://app.venus.io/dashboard', 'other_links': ['app.venus.io/dashboard', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/VenusProtocol']} ,
{'rank': 249, 'name': 'Keep Network', 'symbol': 'KEEP', 'id': '5566', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/keep-network/', 'slug': 'keep-network', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Keep is an incentivized network for storing and encrypting private data on the public blockchain. The network is made of off-chain containers for private data known as keeps, while the KEEP work token enables it to be completely permissionless. Keep solves the main problem holding back blockchain adoption: that data on public blockchains are public. With Keep, developers can finally build fully decentralized apps. Visit Keep to learn more and stake, and tBTC to see its power in action.tBTC, a Bitcoin bridge on Ethereum, is the first application built on top of the Keep network. It is an open-source project supported by groups including Keep, Summa and the Cross-Chain Group. tBTC is a fully Bitcoin-backed ERC-20 token pegged to the price of Bitcoin. It facilitates Bitcoin holders acting on the Ethereum blockchain, accessing the DeFi ecosystem, and earning with their Bitcoin.KEEP is the network’s native work token with dividends and a slashing model. It provides the sybil resistance that allows the Keep network to be censorship resistant and permissionless.KEEP can be used to:KEEP applications and tools include: The Keep Network launched its mainnet on April 27th, 2020 with 1 billion KEEP tokens created. KEEP tokens are a fixed supply asset, there will never be more than 1 billion KEEP in existence. The Keep Network was founded in 2017 by Matt Luongo and Corbin Pon, crypto industry veterans who previously founded the Bitcoin rewards app Fold. The Keep Network’s early supporting stakers include Polychain, Andreessen Horowitz, Draper Associates, Paradigm, Fenbushi, A.Capital, Collaborative Fund, and ParaFi among others. The Keep project employs more than 20 staff, including engineers with deep experience in discrete mathematics and cryptography, and business leadership from ConsenSys’s founding days. When it comes to dApps and DeFi projects...the team shouldn’t have the keys. The Keep Network features off-chain containers for private data called keeps that give smart contracts deep interactivity with private data without compromising transparency or auditability. tBTC, the first application built on the Keep Network, is censorship-resistant because it uses keeps to store data. Each TBTC token is fully backed and matched by at least 1 BTC held in reserve. tBTC is trustless, using Keep’s random beacon to select “signers” who are bonded in ETH and have responsibility for the deposited BTC. This means you can convert TBTC to BTC, and vice-versa, whenever you want, with no intermediary needed to sign off. You can earn KEEP by staking on the network today, and joining our ETH only stakedrop launching soon. You can also earn by participating in Playing for Keeps, which lets people learn to stake and win KEEP by contributing to the community. In order to qualify your submission for Playing for Keeps prizes, you must join our [Discord server](. Join the server to learn more about staking on the network today and participating in the public stakedrop soon. KEEP is also available for trading on a growing number of exchanges, with cryptocurrency and stablecoin pairs currently available.Uniswap\nMatcha\nMooniswap\nCurve\nBalancerNew to cryptocurrency? Read CoinMarketCap’s easy guide to buying Bitcoin or any other token.Learn more about tBTC here.New to cryptocurrency? Find all the information you need with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.', 'website': 'https://keep.network', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/keep-network', 'whitepaper': 'https://keep.network/whitepaper', 'other_links': ['keep.network', 'https://t.me/KeepNetworkOfficial', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/wYezN7v'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/keep_project', 'https://reddit.com/r/KeepNetwork'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Privacy', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio', 'ParaFi capital', 'Paradigm XZY Screener']} ,
{'rank': 250, 'name': 'Dawn Protocol', 'symbol': 'DAWN', 'id': '5618', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dawn-protocol/', 'slug': 'dawn-protocol', 'max_supply': '93,468,683', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://t.me/dawnprotocol', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Dawn-Protocol', 'other_links': ['dawn.org', 'firstblood.io', 'https://t.me/dawnprotocol'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/dawnprotocol'], 'property': ['Gaming']} ,
{'rank': 251, 'name': 'Sapphire', 'symbol': 'SAPP', 'id': '4121', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/sapphire/', 'slug': 'sapphire', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'A coin from doers for doers.Sapphire coins (SAPP coins) will be used in the real economy as a stable means of payment and will be issued only to trustworthy partners who bring added value to the project.The SAPP developers are aware of the frustrations of early tech adopters and fruitless ICOs and IEOs. They always approach any problems that arise with a clear, precise goal in mind.The goal is to have a coin that is easy to use, ensures fast payment transfers, is used and wanted, and most importantly, lives and breathes with its community.The SAPP developers reverse the usual procedure of cryptocurrency. Most coin developers have great technical ideas but no real business concept. Profits are only realized through speculation and not through value creation. This must fail in the long run.', 'website': 'https://sappcoin.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/sappcoin-com', 'whitepaper': 'https://sapphirecore.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/blue-page.pdf', 'other_links': ['sappcoin.com', 'https://t.me/sapphirecore'], 'explorers': ['sappexplorer.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/Sapphire_Core'], 'property': ['Masternodes']} ,
{'rank': 252, 'name': 'BarnBridge', 'symbol': 'BOND', 'id': '7440', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/barnbridge/', 'slug': 'barnbridge', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "BarnBridge, founded in 2019, is a protocol for tokenizing risks. It was launched in September 2020. BarnBridge is a sort of decentralized finance (DeFi) lego for creating tradeable tokens that expose a consumer to market volatility. As of March 2021, the platform is still in an early stage of launch.BarnBridge is a project that expands the functionality of DeFi to make it more flexible and efficient. By tokenizing market fluctuations and exposure to risks, it can reduce volatility for conservative investors or increase it for daytraders. BarnBridge enables traditional risk management tools and fixed income instruments on the DeFi market. The main focus is dividing cryptocurrency risks into tranches so market participants, depending on their risk profile, can invest in different products or assets.BarnBridge was co-founded by Troy Murray and Tyler Ward.Prior to working on BarnBridge, Murray founded a crypto R&D firm RUDE_labs, exploring the benefits that blockchain can bring to the media since 2012. He has also worked as director of strategy at Breaker and as a supervisor/technical architect at snglsDAO Foundation.Before going on to co-found BarnBridge, Ward has founded Proof Systems, a digital marketing company focused on the fintech industry. Ward has also worked with ConsenSys, Earn.com, FOAM, Dether, Grid +, Centrality, Sylo, NEAR Protocol, DARMA Capital, SingularDTV and snglsDAO.Sustainable DeFi platforms like Compound (COMP) and Aave (AAVE) provide over 5% annual percentage yield (APY) on some assets. With profitability optimizers like yEarn, APY can grow to over 10%. The drawback of these DeFi platforms is that they don't offer fixed income; additionally, adding cryptocurrencies to a portfolio means taking on significant risks as cryptocurrency assets are highly volatile.BarnBridge's advantage is that it can aggregate yields with fixed income and flatten them to improve the efficiency of the system. This helps make the entry into the crypto industry more personalized and predictable for consumers, opening it up to a wider audience. From the standpoint of traditional finance, BarnBridge can be used to improve the effectiveness of stock trading.BarnBridge creates tokenized derivatives based on market fluctuations. Examples of underlying markets include rates of return, prices, market prediction odds, default rates on mortgages and others. These derivative tokens are divided into high, medium and low risk/reward categories. BarnBridge is a cross-platform risk tokenization protocol with tranches of fixed income and volatility.BarnBridge also supports SMART Alpha Bonds that can be used to tokenize price risks. They can expose users to large, medium, or low price fluctuations. Smart Alpha Bonds on Ethereum can be used as derivatives to hedge against any ERC-20 token price fluctuations.BarnBridge’s principal competitors are other DeFi risk hedging platforms, such as the options trading platforms Hegic (HEGIC) and Opyn.Read more about Harvest Finance. Read more about Badger DAO.Learn more about DeFi investing at CMC Alexandria.Visit the CoinMarketCap blog for the latest crypto market news and insights.BarnBridge’s native token BOND runs on the Ethereum (ETH) blockchain. It has a maximum supply of 10,000,000, of which 1,581,000 BOND are in circulation as of March 2021.BOND is based on Ethereum’s ERC-20 compatibility standard. It is used for betting, governance and incentives on the BarnBridge network. BOND can be stored in any wallet that supports Ethereum, allowing easy access to the token.BarnBridge (BOND) can be purchased at a number of cryptocurrency exchanges including:To learn more about buying Bitcoin (BTC) and other cryptocurrencies, read our comprehensive guide.", 'website': 'https://barnbridge.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/BarnBridge/', 'other_links': ['barnbridge.com', 'https://discord.com/invite/FfEhsVk'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/barn_bridge'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'Governance', 'ParaFi capital']} ,
{'rank': 253, 'name': 'MATH', 'symbol': 'MATH', 'id': '5616', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/math/', 'slug': 'math', 'max_supply': '200,000,000', 'about': 'MATH is a one-stop crypto platform that combines several applications, including Math Wallet, MATH VPOS Pool, Math DApp Store, MathStaking, MathPay and MathChain. It was founded in 2018.MATH supports more than 63 public blockchains. It allows users to invest and build their portfolios with automated quant trading, earn an annual percentage rate (APR) of up to 30% on their digital assets, deposit crypto, get instant loans and use crypto for payments regardless of time and location and at zero fees.Math Wallet is an extension wallet that supports multi-chain decentralized applications (DApps).The founder and CTO of MATH is Eric Yu. Before creating Math Wallet, Yu was the CTO of Zhongtopia, the largest mutual aid platform in China with over ten million users. He was also the CTO and co-founder of XunFang Tech.The Math DApp store offers users access to such DApps as Math Cloud Wallet, Polkadot VPoS Pool, Near Staking Tools, Binance Staking Tool, Uniswap, SushiSwap and others.MATH VPOS Pool allows users to stake their crypto and get up to 30% APR. Another component of the MATH ecosystem is MathChain, which is a second-layer blockchain based on Substrate. The MATH token was introduced on October 22, 2019. It is an ERC-20 token that enables staking, provides a validator infrastructure to networks and offers users rewards.Math DApp Factory gives users tools that can simplify the development of exchanges, games and other decentralized applications. MathSwap is an instant and secure token exchange that allows users to build crypto portfolios with an automatic quant trading system.MathNews provides the latest news about the public chains supported by the MATH ecosystem. Finally, MathPay is a cryptocurrency payment gateway. Learn more about Nexus.Learn more about BOLT.Learn about the forces that drive Ethereum’s price on CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Take a deep dive into the world of cryptocurrencies with the CoinMarketCap blogAs of March 2021, MATH (MATH) has a circulating supply of 114,356,164 tokens and a maximum supply of 200,000,000 MATH.MATH is an ERC-20 token that is secured by the underlying network of Ethereum (ETH).MATH (MATH) can be traded on the following exchanges: Learn more with CoinMarketCap’s dedicated guide on how to buy Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://mathwallet.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/mathwallet', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/mathwallet/whitepaper/raw/master/MATH-Whitepaper-EN.pdf', 'other_links': ['mathwallet.org', 'https://t.me/mathwallet'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['blog.mathwallet.org', 'blog.mathwallet.org', 'https://twitter.com/Mathwallet'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 254, 'name': 'Tokenlon Network Token', 'symbol': 'LON', 'id': '8083', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tokenlon-network-token/', 'slug': 'tokenlon-network-token', 'max_supply': '200,000,000', 'about': 'LON is a utility token that aligns ecosystem stakeholders and incentivize the expansion of the ecosystem.Tokenlon is a decentralized exchange and payment settlement protocol based on Ethereum blockchain technology. It currently powers Tokenlon DEX, a decentralized exchange and payment settlement protocol which aims to provide a secure, reliable and seamless trading experience to the masses.LON tokens have the following two main use cases:Fee discount: Tokenlon currently charges a standard 0.30% fee for most transactions. By holding LON, users can get corresponding fee discounts based on the number of tokens held.Governance: LON will give the community the right to participate in the governance of Tokenlon. LON holders can improve Tokenlon by initiating Tokenlon Improvement Proposal (TIP) proposals and voting, such as determining the use of the treasury, fee parameters, buyback parameters, supporting assets, product features, etc.There was around 110 million LON in circulation as of December 2020. The maximum supply is set at 200 million LON.The full smart contract code of Tokenlon and the LON token itself can be found verified on-chain. Use for example Etherscan to read the code: https://etherscan.io/address/0xdc6c91b569c98f9f6f74d90f9beff99fdaf4248b#codehttps://etherscan.io/address/0x8d90113a1e286a5ab3e496fbd1853f265e5913c6#codehttps://etherscan.io/address/0x11be6f5520fee8e867e20af9c9d2c8a09b909b83#codehttps://etherscan.io/address/0x0000000000095413afc295d19edeb1ad7b71c952#codeLON is available on Tokenlon, Uniswap and many other exchanges', 'website': 'https://tokenlon.im/lon', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/consenlabs/', 'whitepaper': 'https://tokenlon.im/files/Tokenlon-litepaper_en-us.pdf', 'other_links': ['tokenlon.im/lon', 'https://discord.gg/ZFf4Cye'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/tokenlon'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 255, 'name': 'Electroneum', 'symbol': 'ETN', 'id': '2137', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/electroneum/', 'slug': 'electroneum', 'max_supply': '21,000,000,000', 'about': "Electroneum is a mobile-phone-based crypto platform that offers an instant payment system. The project was formed in July 2017 and launched in September 2017 as the first U.K.-based cryptocurrency after completing a $40 million ICO.The focus of the Electroneum project is to provide the quickest and safest crypto transaction with minimal fees for the world’s unbanked population, which accounts for a billion of the world’s population. Continuing its focus on giving individuals with only access to smartphones a cheap and easy way to spend money all over the world, Electroneum launched its wallet manager in December 2017. In March 2018, Electroneum launched the first Android mobile “mining” application where people could take advantage of the processors of their device to mine ETN coins. In April of the same year, it secured a patent for instant crypto transactions.The brains behind the Electroneum project is Richard Ells. Before his foray into the crypto industry, Richard Ells worked as an entrepreneurial marketeer while harboring his desire to become a coder.He is also the owner of Retortal, a social media management platform designed for businesses in the direct selling industry, and SiteWizard, a digital agency which he co-founded and still serves as a director to date.In late 2019, Richard Ells, as CEO of Electroneum, founded and organized the launch of AnyTask, the first freelance platform to focus on creating a digital economy for the developing countries.Although the platform is open to freelancers from all over the world, the emphasis is placed on the unbanked in developing countries, similar to other products launched by Electroneum.At its launch in 2017, Electroneum, which was originally built using the Monero codebase, focused on the gaming and gambling industry. However, things soon changed and Electroneum turned its sight to creating a platform for instant payments across borders.Electroneum migrated from the Monero blockchain to the moderated proof-of-responsibility (PoR) blockchain in Q2 of 2019 to focus on delivering better payment services.While the primary objective of Electroneum isn’t very different from what many other crypto projects offer, it goes about it in a unique fashion. Electroneum has focused largely on bringing cryptos an easily accessible option, smartphones.The goal of Electroneum is to reach out to the millions who do not have access to a banking system but own a smartphone; like PayPal, but with cryptocurrencies.Electroneum takes a unique approach from other cryptocurrencies, even in mining. Electroneum effectively removed the need for expensive, dedicated, power-hungry mining devices, when it launched the first “mining” app in March 2018.Electroneum’s total and circulating supply is limited by the company, and will never exceed 21,000,000,000 coins. Currently, there are 10,229,924,760 ETN coins in circulation which represents 49% of all the coins there will ever be.Since migrating to its own blockchain, based on the proof-of-responsibility architecture, miners have been hand-picked by the project. This is done to ensure that there are only reliable miners in the Electroneum network.Miners who are picked on Electroneum’s PoR are expected to spend the block rewards they receive responsibly in helping those less fortunate in harmony with Electroneum’s humanitarian agenda and also to maintain the integrity of the payment network.Electroneum’s proof-of-responsibility also reduces the amount of energy required for the mining process. Hash rates are reduced from Giga hashes to less than half a kilo hash on the network, as Electroneum embarks on a journey to eco-friendly crypto mining. This, in addition to the mobile mining app, are the two ways new coins are created on the Electroneum network.Electroneum uses a new, unique algorithm which is called proof-of-responsibility (PoR). The goal of the PoR network is threefold: to provide a safer, more responsible, and greener blockchain.On PoR, Electroneum now chooses and authenticates its validators, thus preventing a group of miners from controlling more than 50% of the network's mining hash rate or computing power; the 51% attack. Where the attack eventually happens, the blockchain layers are built to respond by identifying the source and shutting down the validator.The new PoR blockchain also creates a permissioned network where Electroneum chooses miners based on their interest in the sustainability of the project. The 12 validators on the network are NGOs who use their block rewards for charity work.Electroneum (ETN) is popular among online exchanges focused primarily on delivering mobile services. The top exchanges where you can trade Electroneum currently are: If you are new, you can find our simplified guide for purchasing crypto and more exchanges where you can trade here.", 'website': 'http://electroneum.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/electroneum', 'other_links': ['electroneum.com', 'https://t.me/joinchat/DxoSakHOdk5mqsE-LelfVg'], 'explorers': ['blockexplorer.electroneum.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'electroneum.com', 'community.electroneum.com', 'https://twitter.com/electroneum', 'https://reddit.com/r/Electroneum'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Wallet'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 256, 'name': 'CRYPTO20', 'symbol': 'C20', 'id': '2444', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/c20/', 'slug': 'c20', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://invictuscapital.com/en/crypto20', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/cryptotwenty', 'whitepaper': 'https://static.crypto20.com/pdf/c20-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['invictuscapital.com/en/c...', 'https://discord.gg/cgZd4uc', 'https://open.kakao.com/o/gxk98HA'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.crypto20.com', 'https://twitter.com/CRYPTOtwenty', 'https://reddit.com/r/cryptotwenty'], 'property': ['Services']} ,
{'rank': 257, 'name': 'MVL', 'symbol': 'MVL', 'id': '2982', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/mvl/', 'slug': 'mvl', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'http://mvlchain.io', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/mvlchain/mvltoken', 'whitepaper': 'https://mvlchain.io/papers/mvl_token_economy_and_business_model_en.pdf?t=108af', 'other_links': ['mvlchain.io', 'https://t.me/mvlchain_en', 'https://t.me/mvlchain_kr'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['mvlchain.io', 'https://twitter.com/mvlchain', 'https://reddit.com/r/MVL']} ,
{'rank': 258, 'name': 'STASIS EURO', 'symbol': 'EURS', 'id': '2989', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/stasis-euro/', 'slug': 'stasis-euro', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Produced by STASIS, EURS was developed to tokenize the traditional fiat asset known around the world as the Euro. EURS mirrors the value of the Euro on the blockchain, and is said to be supported by liquidity assurance mechanisms combining the benefits of a global fiat with the transparency, immutability and efficiency of the blockchain. According to their website, all tokens are fully backed by 1:1 collateral reserves. The company aims to promote transparency by providing daily statements from account providers along with weekly verifications and quarterly audits by a top 5 global accounting firm. Download STASIS Stablecoin wallet:', 'website': 'https://stasis.net', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/STASISNET', 'other_links': ['stasis.net', 'https://t.me/STASIS'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/stasisnet'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed', 'Wallet']} ,
{'rank': 259, 'name': 'Bytecoin', 'symbol': 'BCN', 'id': '372', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bytecoin-bcn/', 'slug': 'bytecoin-bcn', 'max_supply': '184,470,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://bytecoin.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bcndev', 'whitepaper': 'https://bytecoin.org/old/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['bytecoin.org', 'https://telegram.me/bytecoinchat'], 'explorers': ['explorer.bytecoin.org', 'minergate.com', 'chainradar.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'bytecointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/Bytecoin_BCN', 'https://reddit.com/r/BytecoinBCN'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'CryptoNight'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Privacy', 'Payments'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 260, 'name': 'PAX Gold', 'symbol': 'PAXG', 'id': '4705', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/pax-gold/', 'slug': 'pax-gold', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Pax Gold (PAXG) is a gold-backed cryptocurrency, launched by the creators of Paxos Standard (PAX) in September 2019. As an ERC-20 token operating on the Ethereum blockchain, Pax Gold is tradeable on a large variety of exchanges and has become an accessible way for traders to start investing in gold. The main goal behind Pax Gold is to make gold more tradable, as the physical commodity is not easily divisible or flexible in terms of transport. This is why Paxos Standard decided to create a cryptocurrency entirely backed by gold. According to the official whitepaper, Pax Gold was created to allow investors to buy indefinitely small amounts of gold through the cryptocurrency, thus virtually eliminating minimum buy limits for the commodity. Charles Cascarilla is the founder and chief executive officer of both Paxos Standard and Pax Gold. Cascarilla has an extensive career in capital management, which is what led him to explore the vast possibilities cryptocurrencies offer. After acquiring a degree in finance from the University of Notre Dame, he co-founded Cedar Hill Capital Partners in 2005. This was the start of his career in finance and capital management. Since 2005, Mr. Cascarilla has participated in several traditional and blockchain-based venture capital projects. With a growing number of ERC-20 tokens available for purchase, Pax Gold stands out because it is backed by an already established commodity. One of the main goals for Pax Gold is to make investing in gold more accessible. The official whitepaper states that “more than USD 3.5 trillion of the total gold available today is used solely for investment purposes;” however, a large portion of it is unavailable to small-time investors. This is where Pax Gold comes into play. Each PAXG token is backed by a fraction of a piece of London Good Delivery gold bar, stored in Brink’s gold vaults, which is the approved storage company by the London Bullion Market Association.Through combining the security and liquidity offered by blockchain-based cryptocurrency, and the established name of gold as a physical commodity, Pax Gold brings a new investment opportunity to traders. PAXG has inspired other cryptocurrency developers to create gold-backed tokens as well. Read more about Perth Mint Gold Token.Find out more about Tether Gold.Learn more about gold-backed cryptocurrencies.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.Pax Gold tokens have a one to one ratio with the gold storage backing it. This means that there is a PAXG coin for each ounce of gold in rotation covered by the Pax Gold protocol. In this sense, the amount of PAXG tokens in circulation changes frequently. At the moment of writing, there are about 60,161 PAXG coins in circulation. However, the number of coins shifts almost by the minute as new investors are introduced, and Pax Gold increases the available gold supply for backing. In the official whitepaper, Pax Gold CEO Charles Cascarilla explains that the PAXG protocol is created entirely on the Ethereum blockchain and is secured by the proof-of-work (PoW) model. However, PAXG is not exclusively tied to Ethereum and can be launched on other blockchains as well.Proof-of-work protocols represent a classic approach to cryptocurrency mining, Bitcoin being the most prominent example. Ethereum has, however, recently begun its transition to the proof-of-stake (PoS) model, aiming to reduce the resources necessary for token mining, among other things.Pax Gold is an ERC-20 token, which means it can be bought on many established exchanges and can be stored in a wide variety of cryptocurrency wallets. Some of the top recommended exchanges for trading Pax Gold are Binance, BitZ, FTX and Kraken. It is important to note that while Pax Gold is backed by physical gold bars, there still is risk associated with investing and trading PAXG.Find out more here about buying cryptos.', 'website': 'https://www.paxos.com/paxgold/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/paxosglobal/paxos-gold-contract', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.paxos.com/pax-gold-whitepaper', 'other_links': ['www.paxos.com/paxgold/'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/paxosglobal']} ,
{'rank': 261, 'name': 'inSure DeFi', 'symbol': 'SURE', 'id': '5113', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/insure/', 'slug': 'insure', 'max_supply': '88,000,000,000', 'about': 'New Smart Contract has been deployed! Every SURE member will receive an equal amount of SURE with new SC: 0xcb86c6a22cb56b6cf40cafedb06ba0df188a416e\nLink', 'website': 'https://insuretoken.net/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/inSureToken/SmartContract/blob/master/inSure.sol', 'whitepaper': 'https://insuretoken.net/whitepaper.html', 'other_links': ['insuretoken.net', 'https://t.me/insuretoken', 'https://t.me/insuresystem'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com', 'polygonscan.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'insureteam.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/InsureToken', 'https://reddit.com/r/insuredefi'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs', 'DeFi', 'Insurance', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Polkadot Ecosystem'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Polkadot']} ,
{'rank': 262, 'name': 'Metal', 'symbol': 'MTL', 'id': '1788', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/metal/', 'slug': 'metal', 'max_supply': '66,588,888', 'about': 'Metal (MTL) is the native currency of Metal products and an essential part of the Metal ecosystem. Sending and receiving any crypto to friends on Metal Pay is, according to the team, instant and feeless. Designed to make cryptocurrency payments fast and easy, users pay zero fees when sending, receiving, buying, or selling MTL. Additionally, Metal Pay users pay substantially less fees when buying other cryptocurrencies if they also hold MTL, with 0% fees offered to anyone who holds 10,000 MTL. Created with the goal of being highly useful and advantageous to hold, MTL has fueled Metal Pay and allowed it to become one of the few FDIC-insured on-ramps to cryptocurrency in the United States.On the Metal X exchange, users can reduce fees by paying the fee in MTL. Additionally, users can receive loyalty benefits for holding MTL inside the exchange.Metal (MTL) is currently a cryptocurrency token that operates on the Ethereum platform but it will become available on the native Metal blockchain: Proton. Launching MTL on Proton will open new on-chain utility possibilities for MTL', 'website': 'https://www.metalpay.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.metalpay.com/assets/pdf/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.metalpay.com', 'https://t.me/MetalPayCommunity', 'https://discord.gg/B2QDmgf'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/metalpaysme', 'https://reddit.com/r/MetalPay'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 263, 'name': 'Mobilian Coin', 'symbol': 'MBN', 'id': '7059', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/mobilian-coin/', 'slug': 'mobilian-coin', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://mobiliancoin.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://mobiliancoin.com/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['mobiliancoin.com', 'https://telegram.me/mobiliancoin'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/MobilianCoin']} ,
{'rank': 264, 'name': 'Constellation', 'symbol': 'DAG', 'id': '2868', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/constellation/', 'slug': 'constellation', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.constellationlabs.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Constellation-Labs/constellation', 'other_links': ['www.constellationlabs.io', 'https://t.me/constellationcommunity'], 'explorers': ['www.dagexplorer.io'], 'community': ['constellationlabs.io', 'https://twitter.com/Conste11ation', 'https://reddit.com/r/constellation'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DAG'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Payments', 'Smart Contracts']} ,
{'rank': 265, 'name': 'Sun (New)', 'symbol': 'SUN', 'id': '10529', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/sun-token/', 'slug': 'sun-token', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "The SUN.io platform is TRON's first one-stop platform that supports stablecoin swap, token mining and self-governance. After the redenomination, the new SUN token, as a multifunctional governance token on the SUN platform (similar to the CRV token of Curve DAO and the EPS token of Ellipsis), will grant token holders various rights and benefits such as the voting and governance right in the community, value capture, staking rewards, etc..To accommodate the requirements of the SUN project and infrastructure upgrade, starting from May 26, 2021 (SGT), SUN will implement a token redenomination and platform upgrade plan.\nWhile maintaining its current market cap, the old SUN tokens will be redenominated and swapped with the new SUN tokens at a ratio of 1:1000. After the redenomination, SUN.io will undergo a significant upgrade and introduce a new service - decentralized stablecoin swap. The SUN platform will be upgraded into TRON's first one-stop platform that supports stablecoin swap, token mining and self-governance. After the redenomination, the new SUN token, as a multifunctional governance token on the SUN platform (similar to the CRV token of Curve DAO and the EPS token of Ellipsis), will grant token holders various rights and benefits such as the voting and governance right in the community, value capture, staking rewards, etc..The SUN redenomination plan aims to lower the entry barrier of holding SUN tokens and facilitate the growth of the SUN ecosystem. The total supply of SUN tokens will be increased from 19,900,730 to 19,900,730,000 at a ratio of 1:1000, while the market cap of SUN remains unchanged.SUN is available for trading on a growing number of exchanges, with cryptocurrency and stablecoin pairs currently available.Binance offers the largest number of pairs as of June 2021, while Huobi Global also offers Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Tether (USDT) options.New to cryptocurrency? Read CoinMarketCap’s easy guide to buying Bitcoin or any other token.", 'website': 'https://sun.io/', 'other_links': ['sun.io', 'https://t.me/SunIO_Defi'], 'explorers': ['tronscan.org'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/defi_sunio']} ,
{'rank': 266, 'name': 'Rakon', 'symbol': 'RKN', 'id': '5072', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/rakon/', 'slug': 'rakon', 'max_supply': '285,714,286', 'about': 'Rakon is a blockchain-based network that is designed to connect infrastructure, satellites and navigation and communication systems in trustless ecosystems that do not depend on middlemen or intermediaries. The network uses smart contracts to power frequency control and timing solutions for devices such as wireless controls, smart power grids, aviation systems and other applications. According to its white paper, the vision of Rakon is to "enable transparent information flow and efficient collaboration."RKN is the token that powers the activities of the Rakon ecosystem. It is used as "fuel" to execute the smart contracts that operate on its network.Rakon is expected to launch in the fourth quarter of 2020. Rakon was created by Orbit Network Inc. through its subsidiary Blockchain Development Inc. The project was first conceived in the third quarter of 2018, and it is expected to officially launch in the fourth quarter of 2020.Orbit Network develops products that use blockchain technology and smart contracts, with the intention of increasing usability and driving global enterprise blockchain adoption. The company is behind other cryptocurrency projects, including Sports and Leisure (SNL), a token pegged to Ether (ETH) and designed to connect the traditional and digital sports and leisure industries, and New York Exchange (NYE), which seeks to bridge traditional stock and commodity trading with cryptocurrency trading.Orbit Network also operates Orbitex, a platform for trading both traditional and crypto assets.Rakon is focused on integrating blockchain-based, smart contract systems into industries that rely on highly advanced emerging technologies. Its revenue model is centered around establishing itself as a go-to solution for fields of global positioning systems — otherwise known as GPS — telecommunications, defense, space, the Internet of Things and others. It is particularly focused on integrating smart contracts into frequency control and timing solutions.Following its launch, Rakon\'s first use case is expected to be in the telecommunications sector, with Orbit Network announcing in August 2020 that it will be partnering with firms in the United States, Canada, India, Turkey and the United Kingdom to allow users to top up their mobile phones using RKN. The company also stated that RKN will serve as the exclusive asset of its Orbit Network Chain Server.Rakon also anticipates that cryptocurrency investors will see RKN as having growth potential, further supporting the project through their purchasing decisions.Learn about Sports and Leisure, a cryptocurrency developed by the same team behind Rakon. Learn about Telcoin, another cryptocurrency seeking to change the telecommunications industry.Curious how crypto ICOs take place? Read an in-depth guide on Alexandria, CoinMarketCap\'s online educational resource.Stay up to date on the ways crypto and blockchain are changing industries with the CoinMarketCap Blog.Rakon has a fixed maximum supply of 285,714,286 tokens. RKN was first made available for purchase through an initial coin offering that began in April 2019, during which ETH could be exchanged for RKN — with a minimum transaction amount of 1 ETH. The project has also stated that users will be able to earn RKN by promoting it on social media and other internet platforms.According to its white paper, Rakon has an 85% token distribution plan, which will be featured in an updated white paper, and network fees will be distributed to RKN tokenholders on a pro rata basis each quarter.RKN is an ERC-20 token. Therefore, Rakon relies on the Ethereum blockchain network to verify and process its transactions. Ethereum uses a proof-of-work consensus algorithm, meaning that miners compete among each other to add new blocks to the blockchain and a majority of all nodes in the network must confirm a record for it to be posted.While RKN transactions themselves are secured by the decentralized Ethereum blockchain, the token\'s ERC-20 contract on Ethereum is controlled by its issuer. Thus, the security of user funds is also the responsibility of Rakon\'s founding company, Orbit Network. The company\'s website states that it completes its due diligence and follows strict protocols to keep its information systems secure.Rakon is listed on a few smaller cryptocurrency exchanges — including Cat.Ex, CREX24, ProBit and STEX — where it is available to be traded against ETH and the stablecoin Tether (USDT).Are you interested in buying RKN or other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC)? CoinMarketCap has a simple, step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://rkntoken.io', 'whitepaper': 'https://rkntoken.io/Rakon_Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['rkntoken.io', 'https://t.me/rkntoken'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/RakonRkn']} ,
{'rank': 267, 'name': 'Ampleforth Governance Token', 'symbol': 'FORTH', 'id': '9421', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ampleforth-governance-token/', 'slug': 'ampleforth-governance-token', 'max_supply': '15,000,000', 'about': 'FORTH is Ampleforth’s (AMPL) governance token. FORTH holders can vote on proposed changes to the Ampleforth protocol or delegate their votes to representatives who vote on their behalf.AMPL is the first ever rebasing cryptocurrency. Like Bitcoin, AMPL is non-dillutive. Unlike Bitcoin AMPL can be used to denominate contracts of predictable value. Where AMPL represents an independent currency that functions as a unit of account, FORTH is the governing mechanism that oversees its evolution.FORTH was launched by the Ampleforth team as a "Day One launch" in conjunction with Coinbase in April of 2021.', 'website': 'https://www.ampleforth.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ampleforth/Forth/', 'other_links': ['www.ampleforth.org', 'https://t.me/Ampleforth', 'https://discord.gg/mptQ49m'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/AmpleforthOrg'], 'property': ['DAO', 'Governance']} ,
{'rank': 268, 'name': 'Streamr', 'symbol': 'DATA', 'id': '2143', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/streamr/', 'slug': 'streamr', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Streamr is a distributed open-source project, crowdfunded in 2017. The project's goal is to build the decentralized infrastructure for real-time data, replacing centralized message brokers with a global peer-to-peer network. By relying on cryptography instead of trust, the open-source network aims to enable data sharing and monetization in IoT and smart cities, business consortia, individual crowd selling through Data Unions and the decentralized web (Web 3.0).The Streamr tech stack includes a pub/sub messaging network, data marketplace to trade and crowdsell real-time data, and a real-time data toolkit.", 'website': 'https://streamr.network', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/streamr-dev', 'whitepaper': 'https://streamr.network/docs', 'other_links': ['streamr.network', 'https://t.me/streamrdata', 'https://discord.com/invite/gZAm8P7hK8'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['streamr.network', 'www.reddit.com', 'https://twitter.com/streamr', 'https://reddit.com/r/streamr'], 'property': ['Platform', 'AI & Big Data', 'Distributed Computing', 'Filesharing', 'IoT', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 269, 'name': 'XeniosCoin', 'symbol': 'XNC', 'id': '5060', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/xenioscoin/', 'slug': 'xenioscoin', 'max_supply': '110,000,000', 'about': 'Launched on 20/10/2019 by a team based in Greece. XeniosCoin is a POW/POS digital currency. XeniosCoin describes itself as a business and asset management-oriented cryptocurrency. It aims to offer anonymous, secure, and fast transactions. Xenios Coin (XNC) is designed to be a digital currency with real use. Starting with the support of the Hellenic Blockchain Association, it will be used as the official currency for yearly member subscriptions to the association.', 'website': 'https://xenioscoin.com', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/xeniosproject/xenioscoin', 'whitepaper': 'https://xenioscoin.com/XeniosCoin-white-paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['xenioscoin.com', 'https://t.me/XeniosCoin'], 'explorers': ['blockexplorer.xenioscoin.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/CoinXenios']} ,
{'rank': 270, 'name': 'Utrust', 'symbol': 'UTK', 'id': '2320', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/utrust/', 'slug': 'utrust', 'max_supply': '500,000,000', 'about': 'Utrust (UTK) was designed to provide a solution to the problems resulting in low usability of cryptocurrency as means of payment, particularly the underdeveloped transactional security of payment platforms and relatively high fees. The main goal of the platform is to build a system that will enable fast and seamless crypto transactions at lower fees, therefore allowing merchants to reach a large audience of crypto holders.The platform allows buyers to make secure purchases while also offering an option for refunds and protecting sellers from the high volatility of the crypto market.Utrust aims to create a more reliable payments platform by combining the best features of blockchain and traditional fiat systems.Nuno Correia is a co-founder of Utrust and a chairman of its board of directors. Correia has worked in the cryptocurrency industry since 2011, having founded various B2C businesses. He has a background in marketing and law.Roberto Machado is a co-founder, board member and CPO of Utrust. Prior to Utrust, Machado has worked with international companies, such as Uphold, AT&T, and Airtel.Filipe Castro is a co-founder, board member and CCO of Utrust. Castro has a computer science degree from the University of Porto. Before Utrust, he was involved in developing software-related solutions.One of the most severe problems of cryptocurrency is price volatility. Utrust aims to protect both buyers and sellers from its effects by shielding the sellers against market volatility and providing the buyers with a refund option. Until a purchased product is received by the buyer, Utrust secures the transaction, acting as a mediator and ensuring the success of the transaction.Cryptocurrency users tend to make use of more than one wallet and exchange for managing their crypto assets. Utrust aims to reduce this complexity by introducing its own native wallet that allows users to make fast and secure transactions. This mobile wallet supports both on- and off-chain payments. Furthermore, it allows users to convert cryptocurrencies to fiat to help offset price volatility.Out of the maximum supply of 500 million UTK, 450 million coins are in circulation as of February 2021. The remaining 50 million coins have been locked until 2022 in order to reduce the impacts of inflation and price growth.About 2.35% of the circulating supply, or 10,591,181 UTK, is available on order books for purchase.UTK is based on the Ethereum blockchain. Therefore, to store and receive UTK, a user needs to have an ETH address.Read more about Monero.Find out more about Neo.Learn more about proof-of-stake.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.Utrust is an ERC20-based token and is thus secured by the underlying network of the Ethereum blockchain.Utrust is also in partnership with Pundi X, which makes use of the XPOS technology to enhance customer security.UTK token is supported by many major crypto exchanges, such as:Click here to learn how to buy Bitcoin with CoinMarketCap’s own guide.', 'website': 'https://utrust.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://utrust.com/static/UTRUST-whitepaper-en-2017-11-02-2ae02efb0e0203893bdba1f54000f2b4.pdf', 'other_links': ['utrust.com', 'https://t.me/utrustofficial'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 't.me', 'https://twitter.com/UTRUST', 'https://reddit.com/r/UTRUST_Official'], 'property': ['Cybersecurity', 'Payments', 'Smart Contracts']} ,
{'rank': 271, 'name': 'Gitcoin', 'symbol': 'GTC', 'id': '10052', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/gitcoin/', 'slug': 'gitcoin', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Gitcoin describes itself as a community of builders, creators and protocols that have come together in order to develop the future of the open internet. Gitcoin creates a community that supports new infrastructure for Web3 — includingn tools, technologies and networks — to foster development in the open-source sphere. GTC is Gitcoin’s governance token, launched in late May 2021. The token is needed for the creation and funding of the DAO that will govern Gitcoin.Gitcoin was founded by Keving Owocki and Scott moore. Owocki is CEO, Moore is technical growth lead and is director of research.Gitcoin is unique in that it is a platform that supports community building, specifically for open source projects. As of June 2021, over $20 million has been funded for open source projects through Gitcoin, there are over 160,000 active developers monthly and a little over 1,600 projects created. Gitcoin aims to create a future vision called “Quadratic Lands” — a digital ecosystem with digital democracy and a strong emphasis on community building. Learn more about EFFORCE.See more about Uniswap.Learn more about DAOs.Check out the CoinMarketCap blog.The total supply of GTC is 100,000,000 tokens. 15% is set aside for a retroactive airdrop, 50% is in the Gitcoin DAO and 35% is for existing stakeholders. The retroactive airdrop is for past users of Gitcoin, the DAO allocation is for governance purposes and the existing stakeholders include anyone who has contributed to building Gitcoin in the past or the future (with a vesting schedule of at least two years for Gitcoin team members).For more information about GTC’s distribution, see here.GTC has no economic value, according to the token’s introductory blog post. Token is a fork of the COMP/UNI governance system, with a built-in delegation prompt in the retroactive claim process. Please write a couple of sentences to name some of the main exchanges where this asset is listed. Please also work in a link to our fiat on ramp url using generic anchor text such as “read more here” or “explained here” etc.', 'website': 'https://gitcoin.co/', 'other_links': ['gitcoin.co', 'https://discord.com/invite/gitcoin'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/gitcoin', 'https://reddit.com/r/gitcoincommunity']} ,
{'rank': 272, 'name': 'Linear', 'symbol': 'LINA', 'id': '7102', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/linear/', 'slug': 'linear', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': 'Linear is a decentralized delta-one asset protocol capable of instantly creating synthetic assets with unlimited liquidity. The project opens traditional assets like commodities, forex, market indices and other thematic sectors to cryptocurrency users by supporting the creation of “Liquids” — Linear’s synthetic asset tokens. The protocol consists of various products like Linear.Buildr, a DApp used to manage Liquids using Linear (LINA) and other tokens as collateral. The exchange is specifically created to enable trading of a variety of Liquids with rapid confirmation times and robust security. LINA is an ERC-20 token built on the Ethereum network whose main purpose is as collateral for Liquids (using Buildr) and for community governance of the protocol. All token holders have access to the Linear DAO, enabling them to vote on different initiatives and proposals, helping to shape the development of the Linear ecosystem.The main goal of Linear is to provide a superior user experience with better scalability and greater speed thanks to the cross-chain capabilities of the protocol. Linear Finance intends to provide a simple solution for users that want exposure to traditional assets while still benefiting from the features enabled only by blockchain technology. Linear Finance was co-founded by Drey Ng and Kevin Tai and has a small team of less than a dozen individuals according to the official Linear Finance Linkedin page. Drey Ng is co-founder and current chief product officer of Liquefy, a platform that offers access to tokenized securities by lowering the barriers to entry. He is also a blockchain instructor in Hong Kong and has several years of experience in the fintech industry.Kevin Tai was the vice president of Credit Suisse in Hong Kong, a prominent global wealth manager and an investment bank. He graduated from Harvard Business School and has more than a decade of experience in the economy sector. Although Linear Finance is built on top of the Ethereum network, the protocol allows users to access other supported chains and transfer assets to them. In addition to digital assets, Linear enables customers to access traditional assets like forex and commodities through dynamic price feeds which act to solve the systemic front-running problem that occurs with many decentralized exchange (DEX) protocols. LINA tokens serve as the base collateral to mint Liquids. However, customers can also use other digital assets like ETH and wBTC to cover 20% of this base collateral. The Linear Exchange provides unlimited liquidity for Liquids and lowers the settlement timeframe to as low as one second per block — making it suitable for high-frequency traders and those running algorithmic trading software. In time, Linear Finance users will be able to access synthetic traditional assets and ultimately equities in the near-term. The cross-chain approach helps Linear reduce fees and solves the oracle frontrunning issue that can occur with some existing protocols on Ethereum. One of Linear Finance’s most unique features is its proposed liquidation mechanism, which will be decided based on community governance. LINA holders are able to help choose transaction fees and how much to allocate to the insurance fund, among other options by voting. Check out Alpha Finance Lab (ALPHA) — a cross-chain DeFi and lending protocol.Cream Finance (CREAM) is another DeFi platform that provides lending, borrowing and swapping services.Learn how to use Uniswap with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.For the latest news, market updates, tricks, and tips, check out the CoinMarketCap blog.The total supply of LINA is currently 10 billion tokens. Linear utilizes an inflationary system with a decreasing rate until a terminal floor is reached. The inflation rate is initially set at 75%, but this decreases at 1.5% per week— and is subject to modification if a consensus is achieved by the LinearDAO.Linear Finance secured a $1.8 million investment from reputable seed investors like Alameda Research, NGC Ventures and Hashed. In addition, the project conducted a small initial coin offering (ICO) in September 2020, raising a total of $310,000 by selling LINA tokens at $0.005 with a personal cap of $500 per participant. Of the total supply, 40% is reserved for staking rewards, 15% for the Linear Finance reserve, and 10% to the ecosystem. The team also has a 10% allocation, while advisors have 5% — both team and advisor tokens are subject to a vesting schedule. As per early projections by the Linear team, 40% of the LINA supply will be in circulation around 40 months after the genesis event, though this may be lower due to potential token burns. As an ERC-20 token built on the Ethereum Network, Linear leverages one of the largest proof-of-work (POW) mining networks to secure its tokens.  \\\nOn top of this, the LinearDAO was created to give LINA holders the power to vote on proposals that help ensure the Linear Finance ecosystem develops along the path desired by its users. The actual Linear Finance delta.one asset protocol is trustless and based on Ethereum smart contracts, which can be updated should the need arise. LINA is listed on popular centralized exchanges like BitMax and MXC, in addition to the popular decentralized exchange, Uniswap. As of November 2020, the token can be traded against Ethereum (ETH) and Tether (USDT), or against wrapped Bitcoin (wBTC) on Uniswap. If you’re looking to purchase LINA or other cryptocurrencies with a credit or debit card, check out our simple guide to get started.', 'website': 'https://linear.finance', 'other_links': ['linear.finance', 'https://telegram.me/Tb3iAhuMZsyfspxhEWQLvw', 'https://discord.com/invite/emFXWaq'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/LinearFinance'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Yield farming', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 273, 'name': 'Venus USDC', 'symbol': 'vUSDC', 'id': '7958', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/venus-usdc/', 'slug': 'venus-usdc', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://app.venus.io/dashboard', 'other_links': ['app.venus.io/dashboard', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/VenusProtocol']} ,
{'rank': 274, 'name': 'Newscrypto', 'symbol': 'NWC', 'id': '4890', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/newscrypto/', 'slug': 'newscrypto', 'max_supply': '280,000,000', 'about': 'The NewsCrypto token (NWC) is the native token of the NewsCrypto ecosystem, which offers a comprehensive set of indicators, educational resources and entertainment for everyone from novice traders to experts in crypto. The project aims to offer everything that a crypto trader needs in one place, while also creating a community-focused ecosystem where users can learn from each other and earn NWC for posting quality content.The NWC token is used to unlock access to the online platform, which is focused on interactive education on blockchain technology and cryptocurrency trading, as well as for additional features on the NewsCrypto mobile app, which also includes entertainment (i.e. crypto games) and a community section apart from educational resources and market tracking software.The token has a hard cap of 280 million NWC and it follows a deflationary model, with 20% of all subscription fees being automatically burned by a smart contract. Apart from the platform membership fees, the token is also used for transfers of value and awards to community members for their contribution to the ecosystem. Its growth is entirely driven by the community, as NewsCrypto is completely self-funded and therefore independent of any external capital, which means that everyone is incentivized to act in the best interest of the entire community and to provide trustworthy and valuable content.While NWC was originally built on the Stellar blockchain, in early 2021 it also became available on Ethereum and the Binance Smart Chain. A cross-chain swap solution made by NewsCrypto, enabling users to swap between different versions of NWC on the three different chains, is available on the NewsCrypto website.', 'website': 'https://newscrypto.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/newscrypto', 'whitepaper': 'http://newscrypto.io/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['newscrypto.io', 'https://t.me/NWC_Public', 'https://t.me/NWC_PublicChat'], 'explorers': ['stellar.expert', 'stellarchain.io', 'etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['newscrypto.io', 'https://twitter.com/NwcPublic'], 'property': ['Education', 'Binance Smart Chain'], 'platform': ['Ethereum', 'Stellar']} ,
{'rank': 275, 'name': 'RChain', 'symbol': 'REV', 'id': '2021', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/rchain/', 'slug': 'rchain', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.rchain.coop/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/rchain/', 'whitepaper': 'https://rchain.coop/whitepaper.html', 'other_links': ['www.rchain.coop', 'https://discord.com/invite/NWkQnfH', 'https://t.me/rchaincoop'], 'explorers': ['revdefine.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'blog.rchain.coop', 'https://twitter.com/rchain_coop', 'https://reddit.com/r/RChain'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Distributed Computing', 'Smart Contracts']} ,
{'rank': 276, 'name': 'Elitium', 'symbol': 'EUM', 'id': '3968', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/elitium/', 'slug': 'elitium', 'max_supply': '332,200,000', 'about': 'Elitium is your Digital Economy of independence, value, and growth.Elitium was born in 2017 following the development of a P2P crypto-payments application for luxury yacht charter Boatsters Black. The success of the product inspired the Elitium co-founders to reimagine wealth management from the ground up, ultimately founding Elitium. Their mission is to redefine value and help investors successfully diversify their portfolio into crypto, DeFi and tokenized assets — without having to worry about technical barriers or security implications.In the last few years, Elitium has built a strong network of investors and capital partners, who each contribute to taking the coin, running nodes, and supporting ongoing growth. The Elitium App will be launched by the end of Q1 2021. Elitium works very closely together with their community and customizes the product accordingly to their needs. Users can already have a look at the preview and share feedback:\nhttps://preview.elitium.io/dashboard.The companies ultimate ambition is to create a decentralized Digital Economy that enables every client to live an abundant lifestyle via wealth management solutions that offer the following APY:The Elitium ecosystem is powered by its native cryptocurrency EUM: a digital currency you can stake, trade, spend, and use to invest.For more information, visit www.elitium.io.Elitium was founded by Raoul Milhado, Jean-Pierre Morand, and Collin Gelevert. Raoul met Jean-Pierre in his hometown Amsterdam in 2016, initially exploring how to bring crypto-payments into the world of luxury. As their ambitions grew, Raoul and ‘JP’ recognized the need for additional legal and financial expertise, onboarding Collin as the third co-founder.Prior to Elitium, Raoul founded and exited a venture in digital marketing. He’s remained a driven entrepreneur since his early professional years, ultimately spearheading Boatsters’ move into crypto before becoming Elitium CEO.Jean-Pierre Morand is a tech specialist who’s spent a lifetime involved in frontier tech, first helping bring the internet to France before diving into the blockchain. He has 8 years’ blockchain experience and is Elitium CTO.\nCollin Gelevert has worked in global businesses since the 80s, leveraging his financial expertise to set the legal and compliance strategy of Elitium in his role as Chairman and CFO.Elitium brings together a variety of blockchain investments in one simple-to-use platform, eliminating the complexity and security implications of holding a blockchain-based portfolio. Elitium makes it easy for every investor to access the world of blockchain-based products and grow their wealth in a straightforward, streamlined, and secure way. Due to the efficiency of its technology, investors can save time managing their wealth while generating higher returns on a sustainable basis than via traditional systems.\nThanks to its robust network of private investors — including the well known crypto trading expert ‘The Wolf of All Streets’ Scott Melker and merchant bank GDA Capital — Elitium has never held an ICO, instead using private funding to build its product portfolio in a sustainable manner.Read more about the private investments here: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gda-capital-wolf-streets-invest-162300045.htmlElitium launched its native digital currency in 2017, with a maximum circulating supply of 332,000 and current circulation of 30,086,253. Elitium’s native token EUM is an official utility token according to a Memorandum of Advice received from blockchain-specialist law firm, Hassans. The token powers the products in the Elitium wealth management platform, including the staking system and a limited number of masternodes, with operators participating in the governance of Elitium protocols.The token also acts as fuel for the app (transactions) and as a currency for the card — alongside playing a central role in the Elitium ecosystem (when you own EUM, you get early-bird access to ECAP investments, discounts, etc.).EUM is an ERC-20 token running on the Ethereum Blockchain. Transactions get validated through the "Proof of Stake" mechanism, which is more energy efficient and sustainable than the traditional "Proof of Work" Model.\nWith Elitium you always stay in full control over your own funds. With dedicated cold-storage and multi-signature protection, your funds are stored more securely than in any financial institution. Furthermore your tokens are 100% insured, as long as you hold them within the Elitium Platform.Also, Elitium works with Amdax as their liquidity partner. An Amsterdam-based crypto bank regulated by the Dutch Central Bank.Elitium is available on several mid-tier exchanges, including BitMart, STEX, and FatBTC. Elitium will list EUM on one-to-two new exchanges every month, with the first new exchange listing being announced in January 2021.', 'website': 'https://www.elitium.io', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.elitium.io/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.elitium.io', 'https://t.me/joinchat/JFjFOQ33jXtqZFDh4UbpZA'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'enjinx.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/elitium_eum', 'https://reddit.com/r/Elitium']} ,
{'rank': 277, 'name': 'Centrality', 'symbol': 'CENNZ', 'id': '2585', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/centrality/', 'slug': 'centrality', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.centrality.ai/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.centrality.ai/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/Centrality-Whitepaper-2018.01.09.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.centrality.ai'], 'explorers': ['uncoverexplorer.com', 'ethplorer.io', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/centralityai'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Enterprise solutions']} ,
{'rank': 278, 'name': 'PAC Protocol', 'symbol': 'PAC', 'id': '1107', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/pac-protocol/', 'slug': 'pac-protocol', 'max_supply': '50,000,000,000', 'about': 'PAC Protocol (PAC), based in the US, aims to provide next-generation blockchain network solutions to solve real-world problems. It claims to be one of the largest truly decentralized masternode networks in the world (source: https://masternodes.online/currencies/PAC/) with nearly over 18,000 active nodes located worldwide. Its network is based on the energy efficient Proof of Stake (PoS) algorithm which greatly reduces its overall carbon footprint.For more information about PAC Protocol or if you are interested in partnering with the project, please either contact Drew Saunders, Chairman of the Board at drewsaunders@pacglobal.io or David Gokhshtein, CEO at davidg@pacglobal.io or visit @PACcoinOfficial on Twitter or website at (https://pacprotocol.com).(drewsaunders@pacglobal.io) or David Gokhshtein, CEO at davidg@pacglobal.io or visit @PACcoinOfficial on Twitter or website at (www.pacglobal.io).', 'website': 'https://pacprotocol.com', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/PACGlobalOfficial', 'whitepaper': 'https://pacglobal.io/roadmap/roadmap-pdf', 'other_links': ['pacprotocol.com', 'https://t.me/Pac_Official', 'https://discord.gg/jYhzkPW'], 'explorers': ['pacglobalexplorer.com', 'openchains.info', 'pacscan.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/PACcoinOfficial', 'https://reddit.com/r/PACGlobalOfficial'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoS', 'POS 3.0'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'Filesharing', 'Masternodes', 'Storage'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 279, 'name': 'QuarkChain', 'symbol': 'QKC', 'id': '2840', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/quarkchain/', 'slug': 'quarkchain', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': 'The QuarkChain Network is a permissionless blockchain architecture that aims to meet global commercial standards. It aims to provide a secure, decentralized, and scalable blockchain solution to deliver 100,000+ on-chain TPS. The main features of the QuarkChain Network are:', 'website': 'https://quarkchain.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/QuarkChain', 'whitepaper': 'https://quarkchain.io/QUARK%20CHAIN%20Public%20Version%200.3.5.pdf', 'other_links': ['quarkchain.io', 'https://t.me/quarkchainio'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['steemit.com', 'https://twitter.com/Quark_Chain', 'https://reddit.com/r/quarkchainio'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Payments']} ,
{'rank': 280, 'name': 'Velas', 'symbol': 'VLX', 'id': '4747', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/velas/', 'slug': 'velas', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Velas is an AI-powered Delegated Proof-of-Stake (AIDPOS) blockchain, open-source platform and wide scale ecosystem of decentralized products. In the heart of our Ecosystem is AI technology, which leverages blockchain by optimizing its performance and assisting other products to function.Recently named one of the top 23 crypto valley companies by CV VC and PWC report, Velas is designed to eliminate the scaling and usability issues that often come along with cryptocurrencies.Velas Network AG is an ecosystem startup based in Switzerland. It was founded in 2019 by Canadian citizen Alex Alexandrov, a prominent blockchain and crypto entrepreneur, and investor. He is also a founder of CoinPayments --- the world's #1 payment gateway for cryptocurrencies; advisor and investor of Mind AI --- a well-known Korean AI startup. Alex is consulting the FBI, Europol and several national governments on technology, cybersecurity, blockchain, and AI implementation.AI Powered Blockchain - the next-generation blockchain framework that enables processing speeds of 50,000+TPS.Supports Solidity -- supports all smart contracts and dApps built on the Ethereum Blockchain.Instant, low-cost transactions - extremely efficient performance at a fraction of the cost.Velas Account - interaction with cryptocurrencies is facilitated to the level of PayPal-like convenience, without sacrificing on our user's security.Access Management - a decentralized access management system, which allows users to control access to files on IPFS using multiple encryption types.Velas Vault -\xa0 a novel security solution that allows users to easily distribute the security of their funds and information to established market participants such as Google and Apple.Velas Wallet - multi-currency Wallet with staking functionality.MicroApps - building out its dApp capabilities, Velas will soon support cross-platform decentralized applications for mobile devices.Currently, there is a dilemma in the industry - how to make blockchain both secure and scalable. Therefore, Velas is working to add an AI module as an additional layer to prevent known attacks by slowing down the blockchain when an attack on the system is in progress, and accelerating the system when there is no malicious behavior in the network.To achieve the optimal balance of speed, throughput, and security, a novel consensus system, known as AIDPoS, will use machine learning to automatically adapt the Velas blockchain to changing circumstances, ensuring maximum performance and resilience at all times.Velas AIDPoS consensus is based on DPoS economics, and AI does not affect tokenomics at all. A set of rules has been established to provide participants with the most favorable conditions for interaction with each other and motivate them to act for the benefit of the network.Basic VLX metrics:Total supply - 2,124,380,663 VLXCirculating Supply - 2,124,380,663 VLXInflation rate - 8% with a decrease of 1.5% each yearVelas coin (VLX) is used for transactions, payments, fees and for supporting Proof-of-Stake consensus. Staking allows block producers (validators and their delegators) to provide transaction consensus and receive staking incentives for honest block production.", 'website': 'https://www.velas.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.velas.com/VELAS-Technical_Paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.velas.com', 'https://t.me/velascommunity', 'https://t.me/VelasDevelopers'], 'explorers': ['explorer.velas.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'www.velas.com', 'https://twitter.com/VelasBlockchain', 'https://reddit.com/r/Velas'], 'property': ['Solana Ecosystem'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Platform', 'AI & Big Data', 'Atomic Swaps', 'Store of Value', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Communications & Social Media', 'Cybersecurity', 'DPoS', 'China', 'Estonia', 'Japan', 'Russian Federation', 'Netherlands', 'Philippines', 'Ukraine', 'Turkey', 'Switzerland', 'Singapore', 'Liechtenstein', 'Germany', 'Cayman Islands', 'Canada', "Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)", 'Taiwan', ' Province of China[a]', 'Thailand', 'Viet Nam', 'United Kingdom', 'Bangladesh', 'Smart Contracts']} ,
{'rank': 281, 'name': 'OriginTrail', 'symbol': 'TRAC', 'id': '2467', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/origintrail/', 'slug': 'origintrail', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'OriginTrail is an Ethereum-based ecosystem for supply chain use cases, founded in 2011. The idea behind the project is to employ the power of blockchain technology in the sphere of logistics and supply chain management. According to the official OriginTrail white paper, the ecosystem provides enterprise users an option to streamline their supply chain, improve item tracking and introduce better data protection practices. As one of the first blockchain solutions introduced on a global scale, OriginTrail has been used by companies in numerous fields, including beef, poultry and vegetable distribution. Not only that, OriginTrail has partnered with big names in the industry like Microsoft Navision, Walmart, and Oracle.OriginTrail has three co-founders, who still have the top roles in the company. Tomaž Levak is the managing director. His professional interests before founding OriginTrail were directed towards project management and social activities. Levak has a masters degree in social sciences from the University of Ljubljana. He has an extensive portfolio of project management positions in different international companies and organizations. Žiga Drev is the other co-founder and managing director of OriginTrail. He also graduated from the University of Ljubljana but specialized in finance and economy. As one of the founding members of OriginTrail, Drev has brought a wide variety of ideas for how the project should develop in terms of finance.Another essential member of the OriginTrail founders’ team is Branimir Rakić, who also serves as the company’s chief technical officer (CTO). He has a Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Belgrade. Mr. Rakić has a background in network engineering and web development. He was also a lecturer at the SAE Institute. Ever since 2013, the company has attracted serious interest from enterprise clients. Several Fortune 500 companies have used the TRAC token in their daily activity and supply chain management. In addition, the fact that OriginTrail operates on Ethereum has made the platform extremely versatile. Developers can easily integrate the OriginTrail blockchain into their already existing supply management infrastructure. What TRAC brings to supply management is secure data sharing at lightning speed. Last but not least, OriginTrail’s open-source design has also attracted a lot of enterprise developers as it allows teams of engineers to collaborate on an international level. Check out BarnBridge.Find out more about EasyFi.Learn more about Atomic Swaps.Have a look at the CoinMarketCap blog.The OriginTrail team has defined a maximum supply of 500,000,000 TRAC tokens for the moment. Currently, about 340,031,299 TRAC tokens are actively available on the market. As TRAC is a utility token, its supply is determined by the demand created from the OriginTrail network. About 50% of all TRAC tokens were dedicated to the ICO and institutional sales. Close to 20% percent of the maximum token supply was reserved for the founders of OriginTrail and other pre-ICO contributors. Another 20% of tokens were put into a fund for further development of the project. Finally, 5% of tokens went towards a dedicated liquidity pool, while another 5% were given to the teams working on the project and to outside advisors. As an ERC-20 token launched on the Ethereum blockchain, TRAC is secured by the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus. Unlike Bitcoin, which operates with proof-of-work (PoW), TRAC nodes are determined based on staking. In other words, participants who have the most considerable amount of TRAC tokens accumulated are selected as active nodes. The PoS consensus mechanism is becoming increasingly popular, as it allows for greater scalability and improved usability of the underlying blockchain. Not only that, but mining ERC-20 tokens does not require so much electrical and computing power, which makes it more versatile and easy to adopt. OriginTrail (TRAC) tokens have attracted significant institutional interest over the years. Many exchanges are offering TRAC trade. Currently, Uniswap (V2) facilitates the most TRAC transactions, with a trading volume of $856,849. Other options for buying TRAC tokens include KuCoin and Bittrex. Read more about buying crypto.', 'website': 'https://origintrail.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/origintrail', 'whitepaper': 'https://origintrail.io/storage/documents/OriginTrail-White-Paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['origintrail.io', 'https://t.me/origintrail'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/origin_trail', 'https://reddit.com/r/origintrail'], 'property': ['Logistics', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Smart Contracts', 'Polkadot Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 282, 'name': 'Alchemix', 'symbol': 'ALCX', 'id': '8613', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/alchemix/', 'slug': 'alchemix', 'max_supply': '478,612', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://alchemix.fi/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/alchemix-finance', 'other_links': ['alchemix.fi', 'https://discord.gg/zAd6dzgwaj'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['alchemixfi.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/alchemixfi'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Yield farming', 'Governance', 'Lending / Borrowing']} ,
{'rank': 283, 'name': 'DODO', 'symbol': 'DODO', 'id': '7224', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dodo/', 'slug': 'dodo', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'DODO is a DeFi protocoldecentralized finance (DeFi) protocol and on-chain liquidity provider whose unique proactive market maker (PMM) algorithm aims to offer better liquidity and price stability than automated market makers (AMM). The PMM pricing mechanism, which mimics human trading, utilizes oracles to gather highly accurate market prices for assets. It then provides enough liquidity close to these prices in order to stabilize the portfolios of liquidity providers (LP), lower price slippage and negate impermanent loss by allowing arbitrage trading as reward. DODO also caters for new crypto projects with a free ICO listing through its Initial DODO Offering (IDO) which requires issuers to only deposit their own tokens. DODO’s smart contract operates as an ERC20 token on the Ethereum network. Dodo was officially launched in August 2020, founded by Diane Dai, Radar Bear and an anonymous development team. It initially attracted a $600,000 seed round led by Framework Ventures.The team announced in September 2020 that it had successfully completed an additional $5 million private sale funding round, led by Pantera Capital, Binance Labs and Three Arrows Capital. The private sale round also attracted investment from several other prominent venture capital firms, cryptocurrency exchanges and trading firms that include Coinbase Ventures, Galaxy Digital, CMS Holdings and Alameda Research.DODO positions itself as one of the most competitive liquidity providers that offers very low transaction fees and price slippage through its PMM algorithm, first conceived in April 2020. The team claims their PMM algorithm provides superior pricing over that of AMM competitor Uniswap due to a flatter price curve. The PMM collects funds near market prices to establish enough liquidity, which drops quickly the further the price moves from the market price. DODO automatically adjusts market prices in order to attract arbitrage that will help keep liquidity provider portfolios stable. This ensures more favorable pricing, higher fund utilization and decreased price slippage, single risk exposure and no impermanent loss (explained here).For traders, DODO offers sufficient liquidity comparable to that of centralized exchanges (CEX), which can be natively used by smart contracts for on-chain transactions such as liquidation and auctions. Arbitrageurs can also take advantage of price differences between DODO and other exchanges. Liquidity providers are not required to make a minimum deposit and are not restricted on the type of asset they provide. LPs can create their own trading pairs, deposit their own tokens to negate price risk and also collect a portion of DODO transaction fees as rewards. DODO also attracts new crypto projects with a free listing as an Initial DODO Offering (IDO). Unlike AMM protocols, DODO does not require quote tokens, and IDO projects only need to deposit their own tokens to the liquidity pool, after which the PMM creates its own ask-side depth. To start an IDO, a project needs to only set the oracle price to a constant. Liquidity is improved by depositing more quote tokens. Learn more about Uniswap (UNI)/Learn more about Sushiswap (SUSHI). Learn more about Curve (CRV).Visit the CoinMarketCap blog for trending blockchain news and insights. Check out CMC impermanent loss calculator.The total supply of the DODO token is 1 billion (1,000,000,000). There are currently 12 million coins in circulation. DODO’s total supply will be distributed as follows: DODO is a decentralized protocol and therefore resistant to centralized network attacks relying on a single point of failure. DODO’s smart contracts were audited by PeckShield, a blockchain security company, on July 10 2020. Its audit report on DODO can be accessed here. Please be aware that DeFi protocols are innovative and high-risk projects and therefore vulnerable to coding bugs and security issues that could be exploited by hackers and result in the loss of funds.DODO can now be traded on the centralized exchanges MXC.com, L Bank and BiKi, as well as decentralized exchanges (DEX) like Uniswap V2, Mooniswap and Dodo. You can find others listed on our crypto exchanges page.Want to purchase cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum directly by credit card in the fiat currency of your choice? Read this guide to learn how.', 'website': 'https://dodoex.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://dodoex.github.io/docs/docs/', 'other_links': ['dodoex.io', 'https://t.me/dodoex_official', 'https://discord.com/invite/tyKReUK'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/BreederDodo', 'https://reddit.com/r/DodoEx'], 'property': ['Decentralized exchange', 'DeFi', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'DeFiance Capital', 'Framework Ventures', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 284, 'name': 'COTI', 'symbol': 'COTI', 'id': '3992', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/coti/', 'slug': 'coti', 'max_supply': '2,000,000,000', 'about': 'COTI markets itself as the first enterprise-grade fintech platform that empowers organizations to build their own payment solutions as well as digitize any currency to save time as well as money.COTI is one of the world’s first blockchain protocols that is optimized for decentralized payments and designed for use by merchants, governments, payment DApps and stablecoin issuers. COTI Pay is the first application. It describes itself as a fully encompassing finance on the blockchain. The COTI Group launched in March of 2017, while the Staking Platform Launched on Jan. 1, 2020.It is an ecosystem that is designed specifically to meet all of the challenges associated with traditional finance, including latency, fees, global inclusion and risks. This is done through the introduction of the DAG-based protocol as well as infrastructure that is completely scalable, private, inclusive and fast.The ecosystem has DAG-based blockchain, proof-of-trust consensus algorithm, multiDAG, GTS (Global Trust System), a universal payment solution and a payment gateway. COTI was founded by Samuel Falkon and David Assaraf.Samuel Falkon is the co-founder of COTI Group and works as the VP of business development at COTI Group. He is also the chief revenue officer at Paywize, as well as the founder of Gil Scott Ltd. David Assaraf is the co-founder of COTI Group, and he also co-founded Frequants and was a member at the board of directors at an amusement park.The thing that makes COTI unique is COTI’s platform.This platform enables companies to effortlessly create advanced fintech products and save time, data and money. COTI pay can process every kind of payment type, both in terms of online payments as well as offline ones. This includes crypto and stablecoins, as well as credit cards and even native coins. It has built-in financing to boot, with interest earned on deposits and loans. This also connects with the white label payment network. Traditional payment systems simply cost both merchants and customers amounts up to billions of dollars on an annual basis. As such, the white label payment network is a global payment network for users and merchants that make transactions freely throughout a digital wallet, coin and much more. COTI is also the world’s first platform that is optimized for the creation of coins that are stable in price. As such, a user has the ability to issue their own stable coin and regain full control over both their money and their data.Learn about Terra.Learn about Tezos.Learn about algorithmic stablecoins on CMC Alexandria.Enhance your knowledge of cryptocurrencies on the CoinMarketCap blog.COTI (COTI) has a maximum supply of 2,000,000,000 COTI coins.COTI has an infrastructure that is based on the DAG protocol and their Trustchain algorithm. Above this infrastructure layer lies the services layer known as Coti X. Coti X offers KYC and compliance, interoperability exchange, buyer-seller protections and stability frameworks. Then you have the COTIPLAY layer, which offers externally developed stable coins, externally developed payment apps and much more.COTI uses a hash table as its data structure which is based on chaining. This means that the blockchain itself can secure the computing and privacy of customers. The COTI protocols have made the system a lot more secure for both buyers and sellers. As such, COTI has an ecosystem that provides robust cybersecurity measures around data integrity as well as confidentiality. The COTI wallet is based on the React Native Framework and provides cross-platform functionality and portability. The COTI wallet requires user credentials and is paired with 2FA login in order to establish a connection with the node manager. Once this is established, all communication requires the wallet’s seed. This means that all of the messages are validated and no spoofing or manipulation is possible within this system.When it comes to trading, buying or selling COTI, you can find it at the following exchanges:BinanceVCC ExchangeBideskHitBTCKuCoin.If you want to learn how to trade with Bitcoin, click here.', 'website': 'https://coti.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/coti-io', 'whitepaper': 'https://coti.io/files/COTI-technical-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['coti.io', 'https://t.me/COTInetwork', 'https://discord.me/coti'], 'explorers': ['explorer.coti.io', 'explorer.binance.org', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'steemit.com', 'https://twitter.com/COTInetwork', 'https://reddit.com/r/cotinetwork'], 'property': ['DeFi'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DAG']} ,
{'rank': 285, 'name': 'MonaCoin', 'symbol': 'MONA', 'id': '213', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/monacoin/', 'slug': 'monacoin', 'max_supply': '105,120,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'http://monacoin.org', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/monacoinproject/monacoin', 'whitepaper': 'https://monacoin.org/#about', 'other_links': ['monacoin.org', 'https://web3.askmona.org/'], 'explorers': ['mona.chainsight.info', 'blockbook.electrum-mona.org', 'mona.tokenview.com', 'bchain.info', 'chaintools.mona-coin.de'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://reddit.com/r/monacoin'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'Lyra2REv2'], 'property': ['Medium of Exchange', 'Memes', 'Payments'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 286, 'name': 'Audius', 'symbol': 'AUDIO', 'id': '7455', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/audius/', 'slug': 'audius', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Audius is a decentralized music-sharing and streaming protocol that facilitates direct transactions between listeners and creators, giving everyone the freedom to distribute, monetize, and stream any audio content.The protocol consists of:AUDIO is the native utility token for:', 'website': 'https://audius.co/', 'other_links': ['audius.co', 'https://discord.gg/yNUg2e2'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['audiusproject.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/AudiusProject'], 'property': ['Music', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 287, 'name': 'Wrapped NXM', 'symbol': 'WNXM', 'id': '5939', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/wrapped-nxm/', 'slug': 'wrapped-nxm', 'max_supply': '1,676,964', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://nexusmutual.io/', 'other_links': ['nexusmutual.io'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/NexusMutual'], 'property': ['Insurance'], 'platform': ['Wrapped Tokens']} ,
{'rank': 288, 'name': 'Bloomzed Loyalty Club Ticket', 'symbol': 'BLCT', 'id': '5280', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bloomzed-token/', 'slug': 'bloomzed-token', 'max_supply': '100,000,000', 'about': '', 'other_links': ['bloomzed.io', 'bloomzed.com', 'https://t.me/bloomzed', 'https://t.me/bloomzed_ru'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/BloomzedInfo']} ,
{'rank': 289, 'name': 'Bytom', 'symbol': 'BTM', 'id': '1866', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bytom/', 'slug': 'bytom', 'max_supply': '2,100,000,000', 'about': "Bytom is a blockchain-based open-source value-exchange protocol. It aims to tokenize real world assets, such as warrants, securities, dividends and bonds. Users can use the Bytom blockchain to create assets without limits and have these assets circulate freely. Bytom has developed a series of products in addition to the Bytom blockchain. A DeFi protocol - MOV, open cross-chain gateway OFMF (Open federation Management Framework), enterprise blockchain - Bystack, a BBFT + DPoS High speed sidechain - Vapor, Data service provider Blockmeta, Mobile Wallet - Bycoin, Chrome extension wallet - Byone. About Bytom's DeFi protocol MOV:Bytom's DeFi protocol MOV is comprised of a trading protocol and an Asset Lending protocol. With layer 2 sidechain technology, MOV can support a vast array of Financial products. MOV is a protocol that is dedicated to constant improvement.", 'website': 'http://bytom.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Bytom/bytom', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/Bytom/wiki', 'other_links': ['bytom.io', 'https://t.me/BytomInternational', 'https://t.me/bytomchinese'], 'explorers': ['blockmeta.com', 'btm.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/Bytom_Official', 'https://reddit.com/r/BytomBlockchain'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Payments', 'Smart Contracts', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 290, 'name': 'Rocket Pool', 'symbol': 'RPL', 'id': '2943', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/rocket-pool/', 'slug': 'rocket-pool', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.rocketpool.net/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/rocket-pool/rocketpool', 'other_links': ['www.rocketpool.net', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/tCRG54c', 'http://slack.rocketpool.net/'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/Rocket_Pool', 'https://reddit.com/r/rocketpool'], 'property': ['DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 291, 'name': 'Cream Finance', 'symbol': 'CREAM', 'id': '6193', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/cream-finance/', 'slug': 'cream-finance', 'max_supply': '2,924,547', 'about': 'C.R.E.A.M Finance is a decentralized peer-to-peer (P2P) DeFi platform that provides lending, borrowing, swap, payment and tokenization services for digital assets. The C.R.E.A.M. Finance protocol was created as a Compound Finance fork, while its C.R.E.A.M. SWAP exchange is based on the code of Balancer Labs. C.R.E.A.M Finance is open-source, permissionless, blockchain-agnostic and offers yield farming rewards to its users in order to inclusively develop its network. The project (which stands for Crypto Runs Everything Around Me) was launched unexpectedly on the Ethereum network on Aug. 3, 2020 through the YOLO liquidity pool. In September 2020 it went live on the Binance Smart Chain (BSC). The CREAM token allows users to lend, borrow, stake or swap assets and help govern the network, allowing them to vote on assets to support or delist. The person behind C.R.E.A.M. Finance is Taiwanese entrepreneur Jeffrey Huang, who labeled himself as the “semi-benevolent dictator of CREAM” upon launch. Huang is also the founder of Mithril (MITH), the Ethereum-based social media platform. The tokens have been allocated as follows:C.R.E.A.M. Finance helps provide liquidity to important DeFi assets through automated market making (AMM), allowing users to borrow and lend supported assets and earn liquidity mining rewards in the form of its CREAM token by supplying any supported asset as collateral. In return, it collects swap, lending and borrowing fees from users. The platform aims to list and support tokens important to the DeFi sector, for example the biggest stablecoins (USDT, USDC, BUSD, yCRV, etc), governance tokens (COMP, BAL, YFI, LEND, CRV, CREAM etc.), and other leading cryptocurrencies such as ETH, renBTC and LINK. As an ERC20 token on the Ethereum network, CREAM can run Ethereum Virtual Machines through smart contracts, while users can create DAoos for its community, thus resulting in better composability, i.e. plugging different financial services into each other. CREAM tokens can be staked for a period of up to four years in order to accrue rewards; however, it is important to note that there is no admin unlock available.Therefore, you will only receive your rewards at the end of your staking period.Learn more about Compound Finance (COMP).Learn more about Curve DAO (CRV). Learn more about yearn.finance (YFI).Visit the CoinMarketCap blog for the latest blockchain news and insights. \\CREAM has a total supply of 9 million coins, of which around around 150,000 are currently in circulation. This will increase as more vested tokens are released monthly to stakeholders and liquidity miners. CREAM’s smart contracts are not officially audited at present by choice. Instead, Huang uses expert advisers (which includes Compound founder Robert Leshner) to improve security, inspect code and manage a multisig wallet to keep users funds safe. The top exchanges for trading in Cream Finance are currently Binance, Binance.KR, FTX, Hoo and Uniswap (V2). You can find others listed on our crypto exchanges page.You can now also buy cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum directly by credit card in your fiat currency of choice. Here’s how.', 'other_links': ['cream.finance', 'app.cream.finance', 'https://t.me/CreamdotFinance', 'https://discord.com/invite/W44TyPh'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com', 'blockscout.com', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/CreamdotFinance'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'DAO', 'AMM', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Yearn Partnerships', 'Governance', 'Lending / Borrowing', 'Alameda Research Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 292, 'name': 'Power Ledger', 'symbol': 'POWR', 'id': '2132', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/power-ledger/', 'slug': 'power-ledger', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Power Ledger (POWR) is a blockchain-based platform released in May 2016 with the goal of disrupting the global energy industry by enabling local areas to sell and distribute solar power to their neighbors without the help of middlemen. It is a technology company that uses blockchain to facilitate energy and environmental commodity trading.It is based in Australia and encourages dependable and affordable electricity. Power Ledger runs on the Ethereum network as a peer-to-peer energy exchange platform.In 2015, 30 countries had reached grid parity, meaning that the price of solar-generated energy was equal to or less than the cost of local retail electricity. Power Ledger combines solar power and blockchain to offer energy solutions that are cheaper and more sustainable than traditional energy alternatives. Power Ledger operates on two blockchain layers and uses two coins, the Power Ledger (POWR) token and Sparkz, which offer different functions. The platform itself uses the public Ethereum blockchain and a private consortium blockchain known as Ecochain.The POWR token allows application hosts and participants to use the platform itself. When a host does not have the right amount of POWR, they cannot access the platform. POWR is traded through the Ethereum Smart Bond exchange.Power Ledger (POWR) was co-founded by Dr. Jemma Green, Dave Martin, John Bulich and Jenni Conroy.Dr. Jemma Green is the executive chairman of Power Ledger and is also a board member at the Water Corporation and an advisory board member at Carbon Tracker.Dave Martin is the managing director at Power Ledger. He is also a committee member at Sustainable Energy Now and the director of Evolution Road.John Bulich is the technical director at Power Ledger. Before that role, he was a co-founder and director of Ledger Assets and a director at WA Property Investments. Jenni Conroy is the company secretary at Power Ledger. She is also the managing director of Future Effect. Before these roles, she was a manager wholesale regulatory & compliance at the Synergy electricity generation and retail corporation.Power Ledger has six products: Power Port, uGrid, xGrid, C6, C6+ and Asset Germinator. All of these products provide different energy solutions through the use of the blockchain. Users can buy and sell energy on the existing electrical grid. They do this through peer-to-peer transactions.Learn more about API3.Learn more about Fetch.ai.Learn about hot wallets and cold wallets on CMC Alexandria.Keep yourself up to date on all of the latest crypto developments on the CoinMarketCap blog.Power Ledger’s (POWR) circulating supply is 425,498,654 POWR as of February 2021. No maximum supply data is available at the time.Power Ledger allows renewable energy asset owners to decide who they want to sell their energy to and at what price. Trades are conducted across a distribution network that is monitored and provides a secure revenue stream. Users can secure their POWR through a hardware wallet.POWR is an ERC20 token that is supported by all wallets that also support Ethereum.If you want to buy, sell or trade Power Ledger (POWR), you can do so on the following exchanges:If you are unfamiliar with buying, selling, or trading cryptocurrency, you can learn more about(https://coinmarketcap.com/how-to-buy-bitcoin/)buying Bitcoin here.', 'website': 'https://powerledger.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/4519667/Documents%20/Power%20Ledger%20Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['powerledger.io', 'https://t.me/powerledgerANN'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/powerledger_io', 'https://reddit.com/r/powerledger'], 'property': ['Energy', 'Sharing Economy']} ,
{'rank': 293, 'name': 'Rally', 'symbol': 'RLY', 'id': '8075', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/rally/', 'slug': 'rally', 'max_supply': '15,000,000,000', 'about': 'Rally’s goal is to be a decentralized network for creators to monetize and align themselves with their community. As a community-owned network, the community is in charge of making the decisions for how the network evolves, not the Rally team itself.Core team of developers built everything with the intention of decentralizing and progressively removing themselves from its administration and evolution. Rally Governance is a governance system that will enable the community of $RLY holders to direct all major changes to Rally Network since October 15th of 2020.', 'website': 'https://etherscan.io/token/0xf1f955016EcbCd7321c7266BccFB96c68ea5E49b', 'source_code': 'https://etherscan.io/address/0xf1f955016ecbcd7321c7266bccfb96c68ea5e49b#code', 'other_links': ['vaults.rally.io/vaults', 'rally.io', 'https://discord.com/channels/727244969168863316/727244969168863319'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'forum.rally.io', 'https://twitter.com/rally_io'], 'property': ['Yield farming', 'Social Token', 'Social Money', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'LedgerPrime Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 294, 'name': 'Venus ETH', 'symbol': 'vETH', 'id': '7963', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/venus-eth/', 'slug': 'venus-eth', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://app.venus.io/dashboard', 'other_links': ['app.venus.io/dashboard', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/VenusProtocol']} ,
{'rank': 295, 'name': 'Sport and Leisure', 'symbol': 'SNL', 'id': '3977', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/sport-and-leisure/', 'slug': 'sport-and-leisure', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.snltoken.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://snltoken.io/downloads/SnLWhitePaperEnglish_v3.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.snltoken.io', 'https://t.me/snlgroup', 'https://t.me/snltoken'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'enjinx.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/snltoken'], 'property': ['Marketplace']} ,
{'rank': 296, 'name': 'Badger DAO', 'symbol': 'BADGER', 'id': '7859', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/badger-dao/', 'slug': 'badger-dao', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Badger DAO is an open-source, decentralized automated organization that is dedicated to building products and infrastructure of simplifying the use of Bitcoin (BTC) as collateral across many smart contract platforms.The platform is a shared space where the developers, known as Badge Builders, have the ability to collaborate and implement Bitcoin as collateral to as many blockchains as possible. A developer can earn a percentage of the fees and BADGER tokens from the developer mining pool for every implementation. The mainnet was launched on December 3, 2020.A builder can be a single developer, a group of developers, or even a company. There are no fixed obligations to participation requirements, and anyone can create. The pillars of Badger DAO include the Badger Builders, the community-created products, the Dedicated Badger Operations team, the fairly initial distribution of the BADGER tokens for governance and the fact that all of the code is open-sourced.The founder of Badger DAO is Chris Spadafora. He is a long-term crypto enthusiast, investor, and partner at Angelrock.Badger DAO has two main products: Sett and DIGG. Badger DAO is a community-driven project; as such, before any products are developed they first need to be pitched to, voted on and approved by token holders. Sett is a decentralized finance (DeFi) aggregator that has flash loan mitigation measures focused on tokenized BTC through five strategies. Once a user makes a deposit, they can earn a yield as the protocol’s smart contract does the work.In order to incentivize this participation, farmers that deposit tokenized BTC into the Sett vault earn BADGER and DIGG. Aside from a 0.5% fee, an additional 4.5% is deducted from the profits to cover gas and transaction costs.DIGG is a non-custodial synthetic Bitcoin on Ethereum’s blockchain that is pegged to the price of BTC with a flexible supply and a re-base function. Its main goal is to remove centralized third parties.Learn about SunContract.Learn about Verge.Learn about Hashmasks on CMC Alexandria.Become more familiar with the crypto world with the CoinMarketCap blog.Badger DAO (BADGER) has a circulating supply of 7,339,511 tokens as of March 2021 and a maximum supply of 21,000,000 BADGER.Badger DAO has passed the initial audit of its smart contracts by the Zokyo audit team with no critical issues found. Badger DAO has established a security advisory committee that is composed of white hat hackers that regularly review the project’s ecosystem. Badger DAO also has plans to develop incentives that will reward public peer reviewers and to launch a bug bounty program.Badger DAO (BADGER) can be bought or sold on the following exchanges:If you are new to trading cryptocurrencies, feel free to read our guide on how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) here.', 'website': 'https://app.badger.finance/', 'other_links': ['app.badger.finance', 'https://t.me/badger_dao', 'https://discord.com/invite/xSPFHHS'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['badgerdao.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/badgerdao'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'Yield Aggregator', 'Governance', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 297, 'name': 'LUKSO', 'symbol': 'LYXe', 'id': '5625', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/lukso/', 'slug': 'lukso', 'max_supply': '100,000,000', 'about': 'LUKSO, the Blockchain for the new digital lifestyle is created by former Ethereum Developer Fabian Vogelsteller, author of ERC20 and ERC725, developer of web3.js and the Mist Browser.LUKSO is a multiverse blockchain network where the worlds of fashion, gaming, design and social media intersect. LUSKO focuses on bringing Blockchain to the masses, through its smart contract based blockchain, industry-involving standards processes and an innovative new direction of decentralized applications.', 'website': 'https://lukso.network', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/lukso-network', 'whitepaper': 'https://bit.ly/LUKSOWhitepaper', 'other_links': ['lukso.network', 'https://t.me/LUKSO', 'https://discord.gg/E2rJPP4'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/lukso_io', 'https://reddit.com/r/lukso'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs']} ,
{'rank': 298, 'name': 'Handshake', 'symbol': 'HNS', 'id': '5221', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/handshake/', 'slug': 'handshake', 'max_supply': '2,040,000,000', 'about': 'Handshake is a decentralized permissionless system that is intended to incentivize a distributed network of computers to operate a system for domain name ownership. Under Handshake, every peer is tasked with validating and managing the root DNS naming zone, with the objective of providing an alternative to current certificate authorities and naming systems. Different participants across the internet such as social networking handles and domains rely on a centralized approach. This means the systems depend on a system of honesty — and are still prone to cyber attacks and fraud. Handshake aims to eradicate this problem by creating a decentralized internet that relies on a peer-to-peer system. Joseph Poon and Andrew Lee are the two main co-founders of Handshake. Lee quit a job at Merrill Lynch to co-found Purse — one of the largest marketplaces for Bitcoin in early 2014. As Purse expanded, he began to explore other ways of innovating in the marketplace and investing in infrastructure.He and Poon had been discussing the ideas underpinning Handshake for years before they co-founded the company. Aside from developing Handshake, Poon co-wrote the Plasma Papers in collaboration with Vitalik Buterin, the co-founder of Ethereum. Poon worked at a Big Four accounting firm before becoming involved in the crypto space, while in between jobs. He’s also the co-creator of the Lightning Network and Plasma. Other co-founders include Boyma Fahnbulleh and Christopher Jeffrey.One of the most unique features of Handshake is that it is not a blockchain project looking to fully decentralize current DNS infrastructure. It is rather about decentralizing the root zone — and/or the top-level domains. This is because apart from the root zone, the entire of DNS is already decentralized. Handshake’s white paper states: “the Handshake naming protocol differs from its predecessors in that it has no concept of namespacing or subdomains at the consensus layer. Its role is not to replace all of DNS, but to replace the root zone file and the root servers.”A key concept about Handshake is that it aims to decentralize or reduce dependence on the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN.)ICANN was launched in 1998 as a non-profit partnership made of people across the globe, with the aim of keeping the internet more secure. Handshake instead aims to use a decentralized application based on Proof-of-Work principles to improve the security of the internet. Learn more about the difference between proof-of-work and proof-of-stake.Check out our deep dive into decentralized finance.Learn about cryptocurrencies with CoinMarketCap Alexandria. \\\nSubscribe to the CoinMarketCap newsletter.The maximum supply of Handshake coins is fixed at 2.04 billion — and at present, there are approximately 355 million coins in circulation.Handshake is secured using the unspent transaction output (UTXO) of the blockchain and uses the principles of proof-of-work (PoW) in the same way as Bitcoin.The naming system comprises on-chain smart contract features which are known as covenants, which are intended to limit the use of future transaction output. Handshake is traded on more than a dozen exchanges. The most known exchanges for buying and selling Handshake are Bittrex, Gate.io, BigOne, MXC.com and ZB.com. Read more about how to convert fiat currencies to crypto here.', 'website': 'https://handshake.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/handshake-org', 'whitepaper': 'https://hsd-dev.org/', 'other_links': ['handshake.org', 'https://t.me/handshake_hns', 'https://t.me/hns_tech'], 'explorers': ['hnscan.com', 'hnsxplorer.com', 'shakescan.com', 'dns.live'], 'community': ['kiwi.freenode.net', 'https://twitter.com/hns', 'https://reddit.com/r/handshake'], 'property': ['Distributed Computing', 'Storage', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'A16Z Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 299, 'name': 'BORA', 'symbol': 'BORA', 'id': '3801', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bora/', 'slug': 'bora', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://boraecosystem.com', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/boraecosystem/', 'whitepaper': 'https://boraecosystem.com/doc/BORA_Whitepaper_1.3_EN.pdf', 'other_links': ['boraecosystem.com', 'https://t.me/boraofficial', 'https://t.me/BORAofficial_kr'], 'explorers': ['explorer.boraecosystem.com', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/bora_ecosystem'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Gaming', 'Wallet']} ,
{'rank': 300, 'name': 'Oxygen', 'symbol': 'OXY', 'id': '8029', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/oxygen/', 'slug': 'oxygen', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': "Oxygen is a DeFi prime brokerage service built on Solana and powered by Serum's on-chain infrastructure. Oxygen is built around Pools—baskets of assets that take collective actions. Starting with a borrow-lending facility, users will be able to earn yield and get leverage against their portfolios, setting the foundation for a vibrant and decentralised financial ecosystem. The project launched in late 2020 with the release of its mainnet alpha. Oxygen is headquartered in Switzerland and the core team is made up of people who are passionate about building the financial infrastructure of the future. They collectively have decades of fintech experience, with 15 developers located around the world.Oxygen’s ambition is to transform our current model of finance into one that is more accessible, fair and powerful than once imaginable. The first phase of Oxygen is a borrow-lending via a pools-based infrastructure. We next plan to create volatility trading agreements and structured product functions, so that developers can create their own structured products. Our ultimate vision is to recreate marketplace-esque business units which exist within investment banks and make them accessible to everyone.Oxygen’s first phase will be a borrow-lending protocol. Some key features distinguish Oxygen from its peers:Market-based pricing: Oxygen is built around a pools-based infrastructure, wherein users can create a pool by depositing their assets and marking which ones to lend. Users set their lending parameters, including desired maturity and yield, whether as a market order or limit order. Oxygen will match borrowers and lenders with the Serum DEX on-chain order book (instead of through a pre-set, manually adjusted market model). Users thereby get a fair price for borrowing/lending.Capital efficiency: Oxygen also allows for multiple use of the same collateral. Users can generate yield on their portfolio while borrowing other assets at the same time. Furthermore, users can utilize all of their portfolio across multiple asset types as collateral when borrowing (cross-collateralization). This should mean lower liquidation risk for user portfolios.Streamlined in-pool trading: Since Oxygen allows users to interact with the Serum ecosystem and DEX directly from their pools (rather than having users continually deposit/withdraw from accounts), a streamlined trading process is made possible. Sophisticated products: Because Oxygen uses a general on-chain risk management engine evaluating each user’s pool rather than a fixed borrow/lending model, Oxygen can support arbitrary products: tokens, synthetic products, nonlinear assets, and more; all cross-margined in the same account.Liquidity: Oxygen will also be seeded with the 140M registered users from Maps.me’s user base who will generate yield from their embedded wallets. This will jump start Oxygen as one of the largest fintech applications. We have other liquidity provisions in place too, including support from Alameda and leading HFT firms.Scalability: Oxygen is also built on Solana blockchain, which can support over 50,000 TPS, with block times of 400ms and transaction costs of approx. $0.00001, meaning Oxygen has scalability as a completely on-chain P2P borrow-lending and prime brokerage protocol.Oxygen protocol is built on the Solana network. OXY will however be available as both an SPL (native) token and ERC-20, supporting full interoperability between Ethereum and Solana.Oxygen will run on Serum DEX and Solana, which feature a fully automated on-chain order book and 50K+ transactions per second at a cost of $0.01 / 100 per transactionOxygen was co-founded by Alex Grebnev and Viktor Mangazeev. Alex Grebnev has over 16 years of investment banking experience (Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch). Viktor is a serial technology entrepreneur and has worked as CIO for a number of large companies. Oxygen’s strategic investors include and DeFi ecosystem partners include Alameda Research, Serum, FTX, Genesis Capital, CMS, MultiCoin, and other leading HFT firms.We are targeting a number of segments. Our main segment is the general DeFi market and users who are interested in order-book matched, fair borrowing and lending rates (in our first phase) and more sophisticated financial services sets (in our later phases). We are targeting DeFi users all around the world and are running a number of marketing and promotional campaigns across multiple regions to spread awareness of what we’re bringing.", 'website': 'https://www.oxygen.org/', 'source_code': 'https://www.oxygen.org/docs-intro.html', 'whitepaper': 'https://docsend.com/view/5aexhnujwsysjjss', 'other_links': ['www.oxygen.org'], 'explorers': ['explorer.solana.com', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/Oxygen_protocol'], 'property': ['Yield farming', 'Solana Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 301, 'name': 'NewYork Exchange', 'symbol': 'NYE', 'id': '4268', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/newyork-exchange/', 'slug': 'newyork-exchange', 'max_supply': '600,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.nyecoin.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/nyecoin/NYE', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.nyecoin.io/img/NYEWhitePaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.nyecoin.io', 'https://t.me/nyecoin'], 'explorers': ['explorerscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/nyecoin1'], 'property': ['Services']} ,
{'rank': 302, 'name': 'Casper', 'symbol': 'CSPR', 'id': '5899', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/casper/', 'slug': 'casper', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '\nLaunched on mainnet on March 30, 2021, Casper is the first live proof-of-stake (PoS) blockchain built off the Casper CBC specification. The Casper platform is designed to boost the adoption of blockchain technology, smart contracts, and DApps on a global scale.With its future-proof architecture, Casper is designed to ensure the platform is continually developed according to the evolving needs of its users, and that it’s maximally accessible to developers of all backgrounds. As per the official whitepaper, Casper is optimized to suit both enterprise and developer needs. Casper’s mission is to usher in a new era for Web3, as demand for intuitive, interconnected services continues to grow across the board. Casper does so by solving the adoption trilemma: offering enterprise-grade security, scalability and decentralization all within the same blockchain protocol. \n### Medha Parlikar, Co-Founder and CTOMedha is one of the co-founders of CasperLabs and serves as its CTO. She started working with technology in the early 80’s, building computers in her basement. Since then, she has sent the past two decades delivering production SaaS software for major corporations such as Adobe, Omniture, and Avalara. In addition to her technical proficiencies, Medha’s strengths include building high functioning technical teams and inspiring them to deliver solutions that solve customer problems.\nMrinal has an extensive career as both a computer programmer and a finance professional. Before founding Casper, Mrinal was a Principal and the Technology/Media/Telecom Sector Head at Sagard Capital, a Private Equity Associate at Bain Capital, and an Associate Consultant at Bain & Company. In addition to his professional contributions to the blockchain industry, Mrinal has been personally investing in the sector since 2012 as a seed investor in Ethereum, Blockstack, Basis, Maker, Filecoin, and more.\nCasper is a unique utilization of blockchain technology and the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus method. Because of its completely decentralized approach, the network is extremely versatile in terms of use cases. Not only that, Casper boasts a future-proof design, with upgradeable smart contracts and predictable gas fees for transactions. Additionally, Casper is introducing a new standard for blockchain energy consumption, and is 136,000% more energy-efficient than Bitcoin. The innovative Correct-by-Construction (CBC) Casper specification is a remarkable feature of the network. This specification allows for the rapid adoption of blockchain services on all enterprise levels. By relying on the PoS consensus, Casper ensures scalability and database management solutions. Casper and the CSPR token are the result of years of research by CasperLabs.Further, CasperLabs exists to provide enterprise-level services and support for organizations building on the Casper Network, similar to how Red Hat supports organizations building within the Linux ecosystem. Thanks to the team’s unique experience running services at enterprise software organizations like Adobe, Avalara and Google, CasperLabs is uniquely poised to elevate Casper as the de facto blockchain for the growing number of enterprise organizations that want to build in Web3 environments, but require more dedicated levels of support than are possible from open-source, decentralized projects. \nThe initial circulating supply of CSPR breaks down as follows:The portion of seigniorage estimated to be allocated to the released tokens above to date. This number updates in real time as seigniorage is issued.Additional tranches of CSPR are held by various ecosystem participants, including Validator Node operators, the Casper Foundation, the Team and Advisors, the DAO in charge of Developer Incentives and CasperLabs AG, as shown in the chart below..\nThe Casper Network relies on a PoS consensus mechanism for its network security. PoS depends on token staking to select node validators, which allows the consensus to be extremely versatile and scalable. Unlike the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus used by the Bitcoin blockchain, PoS does not require huge amounts of electrical or computing power to perform validations and to add new blocks to the chain. Casper also employs the Correct-by-Construction (CBC) Casper specification, which utilizes an upgraded approach to Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT) applications. Casper’s enterprise-grade architecture has completed multiple security audits, most recently with Trail of Bits in January 2021, which found zero high severity results and confirmed that Casper “showed proper use of security hygiene.” CSPR is available for trading on a growing number of exchanges, with a number of stablecoin trading pairs currently available. Huobi Global is currently the most active platform for trading CSPR, and other available exchanges include:', 'website': 'https://casper.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/CasperLabs', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.casperlabs.io/en/latest/', 'other_links': ['casper.network', 'https://t.me/casperblockchain', 'https://discord.com/invite/Q38s3Vh'], 'explorers': ['clarity.casperlabs.io', 'casperstats.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/Casper_Network', 'https://reddit.com/r/CasperLabs'], 'property': ['Enterprise solutions', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 303, 'name': 'KardiaChain', 'symbol': 'KAI', 'id': '5453', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/kardiachain/', 'slug': 'kardiachain', 'max_supply': '5,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.kardiachain.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/kardiachain/go-kardia', 'other_links': ['www.kardiachain.io', 'https://t.me/kardiachain'], 'explorers': ['explorer.kardiachain.io'], 'community': ['xangle.io', 'https://twitter.com/KardiaChain'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Interoperability', 'Scaling', 'Sharding', 'Smart Contracts', 'Staking']} ,
{'rank': 304, 'name': 'Oasis Network', 'symbol': 'ROSE', 'id': '7653', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/oasis-network/', 'slug': 'oasis-network', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': 'Designed for the next generation of blockchain, the Oasis Network is the first privacy-enabled blockchain platform for open finance and a responsible data economy. Combined with its high throughput and secure architecture, the Oasis Network is able to power private, scalable DeFi, revolutionizing Open Finance and expanding it beyond traders and early adopters to a mass market. Its unique privacy features can not only redefine DeFi, but also create a new type of digital asset called Tokenized Data that can enable users to take control of the data they generate and earn rewards for staking it with applications — creating the first-ever responsible data economy.For more information visit the Oasis Network primer here.', 'website': 'https://oasisprotocol.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core', 'whitepaper': 'https://docsend.com/view/aq86q2pckrut2yvq', 'other_links': ['oasisprotocol.org', 'https://t.me/oasisprotocolcommunity', 'https://join.slack.com/t/oasiscommunity/shared_invite/enQtNjQ5MTA3NTgyOTkzLWIxNTg1ZWZmOTIwNmQ2MTg1YmU0MzgyMzk3OWM2ZWQ4NTQ0ZDJkNTBmMTdlM2JhODllYjg5YmJkODc2NzgwNTg'], 'explorers': ['www.oasisscan.com', 'oasismonitor.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/OasisProtocol']} ,
{'rank': 305, 'name': 'Radix', 'symbol': 'EXRD', 'id': '7692', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/radix/', 'slug': 'radix', 'max_supply': '4,410,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://etherscan.io/token/0x6468e79A80C0eaB0F9A2B574c8d5bC374Af59414', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/radixdlt & https://github.com/RadixTokensJersey', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.radixdlt.com/#white_papers', 'other_links': ['www.radixdlt.com', 'radixtokens.com', 'https://t.me/radix_dlt', 'https://discord.gg/WkB2USt'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['www.radixdlt.com', 'https://twitter.com/RadixDLT', 'https://reddit.com/r/radix_dlt'], 'platform': ['Ethereum'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 306, 'name': 'Vai', 'symbol': 'VAI', 'id': '7824', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/vai/', 'slug': 'vai', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Vai is a decentralized stablecoin built on the Venus Protocol that runs on the Binance Smart Chain.Venus Protocol, launched in 2019, is governed by the XVS token. The latter was designed to be a fair launch cryptocurrency with no preliminary allocation to the project’s founders or its team. It can be earned through Binance Launchpool by providing liquidity to the protocol.Vai, powered by the Venus Protocol, claims to be the first decentralized stablecoin on the Binance Smart Chain that is backed by a basket of stablecoins and other crypto assets without centralized control. Being powered by Binance Smart Chain allows Vai to offer its users a high-speed, low-fee money market.XVS is distributed via a fair-launch mechanism with no founder and team allocations. It is backed by a well-funded organization Swipe, a Binance portfolio company. Swipe was founded by Joselito Lizarondo, who is also the company’s current CEO.The Venus protocol is governed by its native token XVS which can be mined by liquidity suppliers, protocol borrowers and stablecoin miners. The protocol itself introduces an easy-to-use crypto-asset lending and borrowing solution to the decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem. It enables users to directly borrow against collateral at higher speed and lower transaction fees. Venus also allows users to mint the VAI stablecoin on demand by depositing at least 200% collateral onto the Venus smart contract.The people who source liquidity through the Venus Protocol do not have to pass credit checks and can take out a loan by interacting with the Venus decentralized application (DApp). Due to the fact that it is not governed by a central authority, Venus users are not subjected to arbitrary restrictions and can always source desired liquidity by posting sufficient collateral.The loans are then provided from a pool that is contributed by the Venus users, who can, in turn, receive an annual percentage yield (APY) for their contributions. The Venus Protocol also utilizes price feed oracles that provide accurate pricing data.Learn more about Qtum.Learn more about Digital Money Bits.Learn about the difference between Uniswap and PancakeSwap on CMC Alexandria.Stay in the loop on all things crypto with the CoinMarketCap blog.Vai (VAI) has a circulating supply of 160,567,211 tokens and a total supply of 160,704,318 as of March 2021.The Vai network is fully secured by the Binance Smart Chain. It is compatible with the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) and can run even if the Binance Chain itself goes offline. Binance Smart Chain makes use of the proof-of-staked authority (POSA) consensus mechanism.Vai (VAI) can be traded on the following exchanges:Read CoinMarketCap’s dedicated guide on how to buy Bitcoin if you want to learn more.', 'website': 'https://venus.io', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/SwipeWallet/Venus-Protocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://venus.io/Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['venus.io', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/VenusProtocol'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed', 'Binance Smart Chain']} ,
{'rank': 307, 'name': 'Venus XVS', 'symbol': 'vXVS', 'id': '7960', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/venus-xvs/', 'slug': 'venus-xvs', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://app.venus.io/dashboard', 'other_links': ['app.venus.io/dashboard', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/VenusProtocol']} ,
{'rank': 308, 'name': 'Automata Network', 'symbol': 'ATA', 'id': '10188', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/automata-network/', 'slug': 'automata-network', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Automata Network - A decentralized service protocol providing privacy middleware for Web3 dAppsProject IntroductionAutomata Network is a decentralized service protocol that provides privacy middleware for dApps across multiple blockchains. It enables versatile use-cases such as Anonymous Voting, Miner Extractable Value (MEV) minimization and No-tracking Indexing by leveraging on the latest cryptography and privacy-preserving algorithms, along with trust computing technologies. Automata Network is built by the industry’s foremost blockchain veterans and researchers, who previously worked at Zilliqa, LongHash, and the National University of Singapore. Founded in 2019, Automata is a recipient of Web3 Grant (2020), and a participant of the Web 3.0 Bootcamp (2020), Berkeley Blockchain Xcelerator (2021), Polkadot Decoded Mainstage speaker (2021). The team’s investors include KR1, Alameda Research, IOSG Ventures, Divergence Capital and Genesis Block Ventures (seed round in February 2021).ATA is the native utility token of Automata Network and has the following current and planned use cases : Product DescriptionAutomat’s middleware-like solution stack consists of Witness, an anonymous off-chain voting service for governance; Conveyor, a MEV minimization solution for DEXes; as well as Librarian, a do-not-track indexing service for users. Project Highlights ATA Token DistributionLinks\nWebsite: https://ata.network\nDocs: https://docs.ata.network\nMEV Wiki: https://mev.wiki\nGithub: https://git.io/Jsbrp\nTwitter: https://twitter.com/automatanetwork\nTelegram: https://t.me/ata_network\nDiscord: https://discord.gg/Us8cxTVRxG\nMedium: https://medium.com/atanetwork ', 'website': 'https://ata.network', 'source_code': 'https://git.io/Jsbrp', 'other_links': ['ata.network', 'https://t.me/ata_network', 'https://discord.gg/Us8cxTVRxG'], 'explorers': [], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/automatanetwork'], 'property': ['Binance Launchpool']} ,
{'rank': 309, 'name': 'GNY', 'symbol': 'GNY', 'id': '3936', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/gny/', 'slug': 'gny', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.gny.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/GNYIO/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.wixstatic.com/ugd/cddf32_25fa71e039144e929f35d5515caf5597.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.gny.io', 'https://t.me/GNYioBlockchain'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/GNY_IO'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions']} ,
{'rank': 310, 'name': 'district0x', 'symbol': 'DNT', 'id': '1856', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/district0x/', 'slug': 'district0x', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Billed as a "network of decentralized markets and communities," district0x is a platform that allows users to easily launch their own decentralized platforms which are governed by a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) structure. Each of these platforms is termed a “district” and can be launched free of charge on the district0x. The ecosystem is powered by the custom d0xINFRA framework, which provides a set of basic smart contracts and libraries users can use when building out their districts — enabling a wide array of potential use-cases. The native token of the district0x ecosystem is DNT — an ERC-20 utility token that is mostly used for community governance. The platform uses a combination of three main technologies: Ethereum, Aragon and the InterPlanetary File Transfer Protocol (IPFS). The Ethereum blockchain is used for hosting districts, whereas Aragon is used as the governance layer for the district0x network, allowing DNT stakers to benefit from governance rights and help shape the development and operation of their chosen districts. Lastly, IPFS is used for serving the district0x website source code and for user uploads within districts.District0x was founded in February 2017 by Joe Urgo and Matus Lestan.Joe Urgo is a former professional poker player turned derivatives trader with an extensive history working as an advisor in the cryptocurrency space. He is also the founder and CEO of Sourcerers — a consulting firm specializing in tokenization and crowdsale services. Matus Lestan is a programmer and developer with close to a decade worth of experience working with web and mobile applications. He currently holds the position of lead developer at district0x. Besides the co-founders, much of the district0x team is not public facing. However, the district0x wages transparency page indicates that there were at least five additional contractors working for the firm in early 2021.District0x is built to tackle some of the inefficiencies that come with creating and operating distributed community marketplaces. It does this by providing a wide range of smart contracts and front-end libraries that developers can use to easily launch their own districts, while providing a simple platform for community governance. Unlike some other platforms which charge a fee for launching new applications, developers can create a district for free — though a refundable deposit will need to be paid to be added to the District Registry. This easy access platform has already given rise to a range of successful districts, each of which have varying forms and functions. Some of the most popular districts include decentralized job market Ethlance, peer-to-peer ENS names marketplace Name Bazaar and Meme Factory — a district that provides a simple interface for the creation of rare digital assets.Check out Rarible (RAR) — a creator-centric NFT marketplace.Check out Aragon (ANT) — a blockchain-based organization management solution.Learn about Decentralized Exchanges with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Want to stay on top of the market at a glance? Then follow the CoinMarketCap blog!As of January 2021, at least 600 million DNT tokens were in circulation, representing 60% of the fixed maximum supply of 1 billion DNT.All 600 million DNT were distributed to participants of the 2017 initial coin offering (ICO), in which district0x raised a total of $9 million. Beyond this, 180 million DNT are held in reserve for possible future fundraisers, 22 million DNT are reserved for advisors and community rewards, and the remaining 198 million DNT is held by the district0x founders—and subject to a two-year vesting schedule.Of this, the 180 million DNT reserved for fundraisers remains to be released. The district0x team have indicated this may be burned at a later date. An undisclosed sum of team and other reserved tokens may also be out of circulation. DNT is an ERC-20 token. As such, it is secured by the underlying Ethereum blockchain. As of January 2021, this uses a proof-of-work (PoW) consensus mechanism to ensure the network is secured against attacks.As Ethereum transitions to Ethereum 2.0, it will eventually be secured using a proof-of-stake (PoS) network instead — offering similar levels of protection against attacks at a lower energy cost. The DNT token currently benefits from excellent liquidity and is available to trade on several popular exchange platforms, including;The most popular trading pairs for DNT include: DNT/USDC, DNT/USDT, DNT/BTC and DNT/ETH. As of January 2021, there are no direct fiat trading pairs for DNT. But you may be able to buy Bitcoin (BTC) with fiat, and then exchange it for DNT.', 'website': 'https://district0x.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/district0x', 'whitepaper': 'https://district0x.io/docs/district0x-whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['district0x.io', 'https://t.me/district0x', "https://discord.com/invite/HVF4bQdU6v'"], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['gitcoin.co', 'https://twitter.com/district0x', 'https://reddit.com/r/district0x'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Payments', 'Reputation', 'BoostVC Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 311, 'name': 'Trust Wallet Token', 'symbol': 'TWT', 'id': '5964', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/trust-wallet-token/', 'slug': 'trust-wallet-token', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Trust Wallet Token, or TWT, is a simple BEP-20 utility token that provides a range of benefits and incentives to Trust Wallet users. Trust Wallet itself is a mobile cryptocurrency wallet that supports dozens of popular native assets, in addition to popular tokens on the Ethereum, Binance and TRON blockchains.Holders of TWT tokens unlock a variety of benefits when using Trust Wallet, including discounts on in-app cryptocurrency purchases and on the use of decentralized exchange (DEX) services. TWT holders can also participate in the governance of Trust Wallet and can vote on Trust Wallet update proposals, helping to shape the development of the app. Trust Wallet Token was initially launched as a BEP-2 asset on Binance Chain, but was relaunched as a BEP-20 token on Binance Smart Chain in October 2020.Trust Wallet was founded by Viktor Radchenko in 2017. Based in Mountain View, California, Radchenko previously held development and engineering roles at several tech firms, and also co-founded Trucker Path in 2013 — the company behind one of the most popular apps for truckers and logistics firms. Radchenko turned his attention to the mobile cryptocurrency wallet industry when he found that “app stores did not have any open source wallets for Ethereum and ERC20 tokens.”The platform was acquired by Binance in July 2018 for an undisclosed sum, but Radchenko still works on the platform as part of the Binance team. The full Trust Wallet team is not public, but it is known to comprise over 20 individuals — many of which have overlapping roles at Binance. Trust Wallet Token is a utility token designed to provide additional value to users of the Trust Wallet mobile app — it doesn’t have any utility outside of the Trust Wallet ecosystem. Despite this, as a BEP-20 asset, Trust Wallet Tokens can be transferred to any wallet that supports Binance Smart Chain assets, where it may be exchanged against other assets or used as payment for services. Since it also confers voting rights and governance over the development of Trust Wallet and can be used for discounted DEX trades and in-app purchases, TWT has gone on to develop value of its own as a speculative instrument. TWT was also one of the first tokens to launch on Binance Smart Chain (BSC) — a high-performance blockchain designed for smart contracts and decentralized applications (DApps). As a result, TWT can be transferred with extremely low fees and near-instant transaction confirmation times. Binance Coin (BNB) is the cryptocurrency that powers the Binance Smart Chain.Read about Crypto.com Coin (CRO).Learn how to use a Bitcoin Wallet with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Stay on top of the market with the CoinMarketCap blog.As part of the transition to Binance Smart Chain, 99% of the original TWT token supply was burned and the new maximum supply was set at 1 billion TWT — of this, just over a quarter is currently in circulation. The circulating supply of TWT will gradually grow as TWT tokens are earned by Trust Wallet users for completing various tasks, such as by participating in referral campaigns, taking quizzes and completing tasks within the app — like cryptocurrency staking and trading.As per the official source, 40% of the TWT token supply will be targeted towards user acquisition, 15% will be distributed to the Trust Wallet community, 30% will be held in reserve and 15% is allocated to developers. As of October 2020, Trust Wallet has not yet published the full tokenomics or emission schedule for the Trust Wallet Token. Based on Binance Smart Chain, the Trust Wallet Token is backed by a rigorously tested proof-of-stake (POS) consensus mechanism. This is used to protect the network against a range of potential threats, including 51% and Sybil attacks. It’s also protected by a generous bug bounty program operated by Binance, which pays up to $10,000 in BNB to anybody that discovers a vulnerability on Binance Chain and its core smart contracts. Beyond this, as a BEP-20 asset, TWT is secured by the security of the wallet software used to manage it. For Trust Wallet, this includes a passcode security lock and a 12-word recovery phrase. Trust Wallet Token is available to purchase and trade on a variety of platforms — including both centralized and decentralized exchanges. MXC and Binance DEX are among the most liquid exchanges for TWT. The token is currently tradable against a range of other cryptocurrencies, including Tether (USDT), Bitcoin (BTC) and Binance Coin (BNB).Looking to buy cryptocurrencies like Trust Wallet Token with fiat? Find out how here.', 'website': 'https://trustwallet.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/trustwallet', 'other_links': ['trustwallet.com', 'https://t.me/trust_announcements'], 'explorers': ['explorer.binance.org', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['t.me', 'trustwallet.com', 'https://twitter.com/TrustWalletApp', 'https://reddit.com/r/trustapp'], 'property': ['Binance Smart Chain', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 312, 'name': 'Dero', 'symbol': 'DERO', 'id': '2665', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dero/', 'slug': 'dero', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://dero.io', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/deroproject/derosuite', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/deroproject/documentation/blob/master/Dero_Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['dero.io', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/aQcphjF', 'https://t.me/DeroProjectGroup'], 'explorers': ['explorer.dero.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.dero.io', 'https://twitter.com/DeroProject', 'https://reddit.com/r/DeroProject'], 'property': ['Privacy'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 313, 'name': 'IRISnet', 'symbol': 'IRIS', 'id': '3874', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/irisnet/', 'slug': 'irisnet', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'IRISnet is a service protocol and cryptocurrency, which was officially launched on Mar. 1, 2019. The primary purpose of the IRISnet protocol is to provide a blockchain-based, open network to small and medium businesses that are offering a wide variety of services. According to the official IRISnet Whitepaper, the protocol aims to employ different public and consortium blockchains to bring the power of decentralized, open networks to thousands of businesses and freelance service providers. Interestingly, IRISnet was named after Iris, the personification of the rainbow and the messenger of the Gods in Greek mythology. IRISnet was designed and developed by the team of tech experts behind Bianjie AI, a Shanghai-based high-tech company founded in 2016. Harriet Cao is a co-founder at Bianjie AI and one of the driving forces behind the IRISnet protocol establishment. She has been working on bringing modern solutions to problems in the financial sector, as well as blockchain-based solutions for healthcare institutions. Besides Bianjie AI, Harriet Cao is also heavily involved with the Blockchain Edge Analytics Network (BEAN). She focuses on the big-data aspect of IRISnet. Haifeng Xi is the other co-founder at Bianjie AI. He has proven expertise in developing distributed systems and blockchain applications. Combined with Harriet Cao’s interest in big data, the two came up with the idea for IRISnet as a blockchain solution for small and medium businesses. Another integral part of the team behind IRISnet is Tendermint, the company behind the Tendermint consensus engine, as well as the developers of Cosmos, an ecosystem designed to facilitate blockchain app development.IRISnet is an innovative read of what blockchain technology can bring to the business world. While most consortium blockchains are owned and operated by big conglomerates of companies, IRISnet aims to bring solutions to small business operations.One of their latest developments is the IRITA, an enterprise blockchain bringing flexible digital asset modeling and privacy-centric data authorization to the business world. One of the IRISnet protocol’s main selling points is that it aims to combine both on and off-chain capabilities. While transactions are executed on the blockchain, data processing and business logic will be executed off-chain. In addition, IRISnet also offers products like a smart wallet for business operations. Read more about DeepOnion. Learn more about Amoveo.Find out how proof-of-stake consensus works.Check out our CoinMarketCap blog.IRISnet announced an initial token supply of two billion IRIS tokens distributed in several key groups. According to the IRISnet whitepaper, 25% of tokens were released for private sale, 15% were distributed among Bianjie AI team members and 15% are reserved to support the IRIS Foundation’s functions. Another 30% of issued tokens went towards ecosystem development, while 5% were dedicated to a special Cosmos Hub Airdrop. Finally, 25% of tokens went to the Tendermint developer team; however, most of these tokens will be vested in increments after the IRIS Hub launch.According to the founders, proceeds from the private sale of IRISnet coins will be directed predominantly towards the improvement and further development of the IRIS network. Like many popular altcoins, IRISnet is a delegated proof-of-stake (dPoS) coin, based on the Tendermint Consensus. Tendermint emerged a little after the introduction of the Bitcoin and Ethereum consensuses, and it aims to become an all-encompassing consensus engine.A delegated proof-of-stake consensus depends on the reputation of nodes, thus eliminating misbehaving nodes as the process goes on. For a transaction to be completed on a dPOS consensus, stakeholders request action from a trusted validator, who then processes the transaction. Because of the reputation model, validators (nodes) are bound to perform accurately; otherwise, they are removed from the network. Binance is one option for an exchange if you are looking to acquire some IRISnet coins, as around $2,226,424 of IRISnet have already been traded through the platform as of January 2021.Another option to buy IRISnet coins is Hotbit, which has already processed trade volumes to the amount of $148,196 as of January 2021Read more here about buying cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://www.irisnet.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/irisnet', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.irisnet.org/docs/resources/whitepaper-en.html', 'other_links': ['www.irisnet.org', 'https://t.me/irisnetwork'], 'explorers': ['irishub.iobscan.io', 'iris.bigdipper.live', 'hubble.figment.network'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/irisnetwork'], 'property': ['Cosmos Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 314, 'name': 'ZEON', 'symbol': 'ZEON', 'id': '3795', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/zeon/', 'slug': 'zeon', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://zeon.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ZeonNetwork', 'whitepaper': 'https://zeon.network/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['zeon.network', 'https://www.t.me/zeon_officialgroup', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/XVUN25j'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/zeon_coin', 'https://reddit.com/r/ZeonNetwork']} ,
{'rank': 315, 'name': 'Hifi Finance', 'symbol': 'MFT', 'id': '2896', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/mainframe/', 'slug': 'mainframe', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://hifi.finance/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/MainframeHQ', 'other_links': ['hifi.finance', 'https://discord.gg/mhtSRz6'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['blog.mainframe.com', 'https://twitter.com/HifiFinance'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Content Creation', 'Smart Contracts', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 316, 'name': 'Chimpion', 'symbol': 'BNANA', 'id': '3742', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/chimpion/', 'slug': 'chimpion', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.chimpion.io', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.chimpion.io/whitepaper/', 'other_links': ['www.chimpion.io', 'https://t.me/chimpionio/'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/chimpionio']} ,
{'rank': 317, 'name': 'PARSIQ', 'symbol': 'PRQ', 'id': '5410', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/parsiq/', 'slug': 'parsiq', 'max_supply': '500,000,000', 'about': 'PARSIQ describes itself as a next-generation platform for monitoring and intelligence — offering analytics tools for blockchain technology across a plethora of industries. This enables users to track network activity in real time, unlock new use cases for their application and create instant notifications. Smart Triggers can be used to react to events of interest on multiple networks. PRQ’s token contract was rolled out on Ethereum in 2019.The project was co-founded by Tom Tirman, Andre Kalinowski and Anatoly Ressin. According to Parsiq’s official site, Tirman serves as the CEO and has extensive experience of working in fintech companies and with banking firms. He holds a law degree from TalTech University in Tallinn, Estonia. Kalinowski is a certified engineer with a masters degree in cybersecurity and digital forensics. In 2016, he established a venture capital fund focused on cybersecurity-related innovations with the goal to improve existing systems and discover new approaches.Ressin is the chief blockchain architect — and prior to PARSIQ, he founded his own software development company, Blockvis. He has also been involved in the development of blockchain solutions for Civic and Deloitte.In CEO Tom Tirman’s words, PARSIQ is a platform that makes blockchain events consumable and blockchain data actionable. In an interview with EllioTrades, he said: “So we allow users — individuals, companies, enterprises — to monitor any events across different blockchains in real time and at scale and to connect those events to any off-chain apps or devices to automate different workflows.” He added that a devoted programming language is available for developers who want to make the most of PARSIQ, but anyone can benefit from this technology through the use of visual editors that harness drag-and-drop templates.Learn more about cryptocurrencies.Stay up-to-date with the latest crypto headlines.Subscribe to the CoinMarketCap newsletter.The total supply will consist of 500 million tokens — and in September 2020, €1.6 million was raised through a private sale. An initial exchange offering with a hard cap of 250 million tokens took place, but about 150 million remained unsold and were sent to a retention wallet. At present, PARSIQ has a circulating supply of more than 100 million tokens.PARSIQ uses proof-of-custody and proof-of-solvency consensus mechanisms to offer real-time blockchain monitoring capabilities.PRQ can be bought at exchanges such as Uniswap, CoinMetro, Hotbit and Hoo. Read more here about how to buy Bitcoin.', 'website': 'https://parsiq.net', 'whitepaper': 'http://www.parsiq.io/whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['parsiq.net', 'https://t.me/parsiq_group'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['blog.parsiq.net', 'https://twitter.com/parsiq_net', 'https://reddit.com/r/PARSIQ_net'], 'application': ['Analytics'], 'property': ['Services', 'AI & Big Data', 'Smart Contracts', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Solana Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 318, 'name': 'Bonfida', 'symbol': 'FIDA', 'id': '7978', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bonfida/', 'slug': 'bonfida', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': 'Bonfida bridges the gap between Serum, Solana, and the user. It is the flagship Serum GUI and brinsg Solana Data analytics to the field. Bonfida API is used by some of the largest market makers in the space and has seen a growth of requests of 25% week over week.FIDA is anticipated to hold the following utility:Bonfida will likely include a limited governance model based on the FIDA token. Some parameters such as product fees may be changed through a governance vote of FIDA tokens.', 'website': 'https://explorer.solana.com/address/EchesyfXePKdLtoiZSL8pBe8Myagyy8ZRqsACNCFGnvp', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/dr497', 'whitepaper': 'https://bonfida.com/static/media/bonfida-white-paper.360be8c4.pdf', 'other_links': ['bonfida.com', 'solible.com', 'https://t.me/bonfidatg', 'https://discord.gg/B4xzATxQHC'], 'explorers': ['explorer.solana.com'], 'community': ['bonfida.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/bonfida'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Solana Ecosystem', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital']} ,
{'rank': 319, 'name': 'Polkastarter', 'symbol': 'POLS', 'id': '7208', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/polkastarter/', 'slug': 'polkastarter', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Polkastarter is a blockchain platform designed to provide an easy to use launchpad for cross-chain token pools and auctions. It is most commonly used by early-stage blockchain projects that want to raise capital and easily distribute their tokens at the same time. Through Polkastarter, blockchain projects can easily create their own cross-chain swap pools, which allow them to securely raise funds, while users can invest without risks, since swaps are automatically executed by smart contracts. POLS is the native utility token of the Polkastarter platform and plays a number of roles in its ecosystem, being used for liquidity mining, governance, paying transaction fees, and gaining eligibility to participate in POLS-holder only pools. The platform first went live in December 2020, and has quickly grown to become one of the most commonly used platforms for initial DEX offerings (IDOs). As of February 2021, Polkastarter operates on the Ethereum blockchain, but will eventually migrate to the Polkadot mainnet. Polkastarter features an executive team with over three decades of combined experience in tech firms. It was co-founded by Daniel Stockhaus and Tiago Martins, who currently hold the roles of CEO and CTO at Polkastarter respectively.Daniel Stockhaus is a serial entrepreneur credited with co-founding a highly successful e-commerce firm known as LiGo, as well as the digital growth agency Oliphant Ltd. Prior to this, he worked as a digital media designer for Fitch, and graduated with a bachelor's degree in communication and media studies.Tiago Martins, on the other hand, is a former professor of computer science and an experienced developer with expertise in online education and product development. He is also the co-founder of Codeplace, an online platform that teaches the fundamentals of web development.Besides the executive members, the Polkastarter team also includes several heavily experienced advisors and other non-public staff. Polkastarter's main offering is its fixed swap smart contract, which allows projects to easily launch liquidity pools that execute orders at a fixed price — rather than using the AMM model made popular by Uniswap. The platform is designed to handle a range of auction types, including sealed-bid and dutch auctions, as well as both fixed and dynamic ratio swaps. This makes it suitable for cryptocurrency projects looking to raise funds, as well as a variety of other use-cases, including private trades, OTC deals, and discounted sales. Beyond this, other key features of the platform include permissionless listings, anti-scam capabilities, full KYC integration and liquidity mining. It should be noted that many of these features are currently unavailable, but are scheduled to launch at a later date — possibly after Polkastarter transitions to the Polkadot network, which is currently slated for Q1 2021. Check out DLP Duck Token (DUCK) — the token used to access DuckSTARTER token sales.Check out DAO Maker (DAO) — a multi-functional token used in the DAO Maker ecosystem.Learn about decentralized exchanges (DEXs) with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Get the latest product updates, partnerships and announcements from CMC here.As of February 2021, a total of 56.5 million POLS are in free circulation, out of a total supply of 100 million tokens.POLS initially launched with 17.875 million tokens in circulation, but this has since increased to its current levels due to the gradual release of locked tokens. According to the official tokenomics, POLS should reach 100% dilution 24 months after listing (approximately late September 2022). Overall, the total supply is divided as follows:Team tokens are locked for 1 year and are then unlocked at a rate of 25% per quarter. As of March 2021, Polkastarter is based on the Ethereum blockchain and POLS is an ERC-20 token. As a result, it is secured by Ethereum’s extensive proof-of-work (PoW) mining system, which sees thousands of miners and nodes work together to keep the network secure. In Q1 2021, Polkastarter is scheduled to migrate to Polkadot. This move will be facilitated through its partnership with Moonbeam, which will allow the Polkastarter team to easily port its current Ethereum-facing code to Polkadot. Once launched on Polkadot, transactions will instead be secured by Polkadot’s hybrid consensus mechanism — consisting of GRANDPA and BABE.BABE is used to propose block producers, whereas GRANDPA finalizes them. The two systems work together to prevent centralization and protect against Sybil attacks. Despite being a relatively new token, POLS can be traded on a large number of prominent cryptocurrency exchanges — some of the most popular of which include Huobi Global, Gate.io and Poloniex. It's also available on most major decentralized exchanges — including Uniswap, 1inch and 0x Protocol. The most liquid trading pairs for the cryptocurrency are POLS/WETH and POLS/USDT. There are currently no direct fiat to POLS trading pairs available — but you may be able to buy BTC with fiat first, and then exchange this to POLS.", 'website': 'https://t.me/polkastarter', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HkdL6XZfbl4mYgNo_8xZsZU0m8QOKusjgi0vBT9nvvY/edit#slide=id.g92986ca133_0_5', 'other_links': ['www.polkastarter.com/tok...', 'www.polkastarter.com', 'https://t.me/polkastarter'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/polkastarter'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Launchpad', 'Exnetwork Capital Portfolio'], 'platform': ['Polkadot']} ,
{'rank': 320, 'name': 'AllianceBlock', 'symbol': 'ALBT', 'id': '6957', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/allianceblock/', 'slug': 'allianceblock', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://allianceblock.io/', 'whitepaper': 'https://allianceblock.io/AllianceBlock_WhitePaper_n47oEn0Aa.pdf', 'other_links': ['allianceblock.io', 'https://discord.com/invite/hF7AGgt', 'https://t.me/allianceblock'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockscout.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/allianceblock', 'https://reddit.com/r/Allianceblock'], 'property': ['Exnetwork Capital Portfolio'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi', 'Enterprise solutions', 'AI & Big Data', 'Ethereum', 'Omni', 'Netherlands']} ,
{'rank': 321, 'name': 'DFI.Money', 'symbol': 'YFII', 'id': '5957', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/yearn-finance-ii/', 'slug': 'yearn-finance-ii', 'max_supply': '39,375', 'about': 'DFI.MONEY, also known as YFII, is a fork of popular decentralized finance (DeFi) aggregator platform yearn.finance (YFI).Launched in July 2020, it aims to optimize returns for DeFi investors while adhering to changes proposed in an upgrade plan called YIP-8.In addition to protocol changes, DFI.MONEY has also released new products, chief among which, the Vault, it describes as its “killer product.”The native token of DFI.MONEY is YFII, a fixed-supply token which liquidity providers earn in accordance with their network interaction.DFI.MONEY originated as a hard fork of yearn.finance, the aggregator for DeFi returns created by Andre Cronje. Cronje left the original incarnation of yearn.finance, iEarn, in early 2020, only to return to continue its development, whereupon its popularity grew considerably as DeFi became more mainstream.In July 2020, mining and farming of yearn.finance’s YFI token ended, and a proposal to protect liquidity provision from whales earned 80% support among protocol participants. However, it was not adopted due to not meeting yearn.finance’s requisite 33% quorum requirement.As a result, a group of users opted to hard fork the protocol to create DFI.MONEY, with its own token, YFII.The hard fork implemented the proposal, known as YIP-8, which makes YFII rewards decrease each week, following a pattern popularized by Bitcoin (BTC).DFI.MONEY essentially fulfils the same role in the DeFi marketplace as yearn.finance, subject to different protocol rules for its token and with some new features.Its appeal is thus aimed at users of its predecessor who voted in favor of YIP-8, as well as newcomer DeFi investors who want to maximize returns by providing liquidity.DFI.MONEY’s website states that its protocol is community-owned and does not offer commercial incentives such as developer rewards by default.Users join one or both of two liquidity pools which feature Curve (CFI) or Balancer (BAL), earning YFII tokens as a reward for providing liquidity. DFI.MONEY also introduced a new feature, the Vault, which seeks to gain users the highest returns of any token automatically according to user-submitted strategies, without the users themselves manually setting up transactions. Read more about yearn.finance here.Read more about Harvest Finance here.New to crypto? Find the answers to all your questions with Alexandria, CoinMarketCap’s dedicated education resource.YFII is an ERC-20 standard token with a fixed supply of 40,000 YFII. According to the characteristics set out and accepted in YIP-8, no premine, presale or developer-allocated tokens were taken from the total supply.DFI.MONEY states that the only way of earning YFII is by providing liquidity to the protocol. Tokens are distributed according to liquidity provision, with rewards decreasing weekly. Each of the two liquidity pools began with a supply of 20,000 YFII.A schedule confirms that token distribution was completed 10 weeks after it began, at the end of September 2020.DFI.MONEY states that YFII has a guaranteed fixed supply of 40,000 tokens which cannot be manipulated by developers.This was made possible by sending keys allowing minting of new tokens to a so-called “blackhole” address, and access to them is permanently lost.Developers published links to the transactions showing transfer of the keys to the blackhole.YFII has become a popular trading token since its launch. As of October 2020, it is available on multiple major exchanges, with trading pairs featuring cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and other DeFi tokens.Binance, OKEx and Huobi Global are among the exchanges with the largest YFII volume.Still a crypto newbie? Read our easy guide to buying Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency.', 'website': 'https://dfi.money/#/', 'other_links': ['dfi.money', 'https://t.me/yfiifinance', 'https://discord.gg/tpHWz4'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['yfii.s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com', 'https://twitter.com/dfimoney'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'DAO', 'Yield farming', 'Yield Aggregator', 'Governance'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 322, 'name': 'dKargo', 'symbol': 'DKA', 'id': '5908', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dkargo/', 'slug': 'dkargo', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://dkargo.io/main_en.html', 'other_links': ['dkargo.io/main_en.html', 'https://t.me/dKargo_Official_KR', 'https://pf.kakao.com/_WRsLxb'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'blog.naver.com']} ,
{'rank': 323, 'name': 'SafePal', 'symbol': 'SFP', 'id': '8119', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/safepal/', 'slug': 'safepal', 'max_supply': '500,000,000', 'about': 'SafePal is a cryptocurrency wallet launched in 2018 that helps users to protect and grow their digital assets. SafePal provides hardware and software wallets, all paired and managed through the SafePal App and was the first hardware wallet invested in and backed by Binance. SafePal wallet supports numerous popular crypto-assets, in addition to popular tokens on the Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain (BSC) and TRON blockchains. Users can store, manage, swap, trade and grow their portfolio without compromising asset security, according to SafePal. Since its launch in 2018, SafePal has grown exponentially and has over 80,000 users in 87 countries globally. More information can be found in the SafePal Media kit. SafePal was founded in 2018 by a team of crypto enthusiasts led by Veronica Wong. The project was developed to provide a reasonably affordable hardware wallet for crypto users. Subsequently, SafePal was incubated by Binance in December 2018, receiving funds from the exchange to foster its development. In May 2019, SafePal launched its first project, the hardware wallet SafePal S1. SafePal aims to offer affordable hardware wallets as well as secure software wallets for users. The wallet platform supports multiple cryptocurrencies, including Biitcoin, Ethereum and BNB. Its native token SFP is the utility token of the wallet and is used to offer discounts for users, incentivize SafePal users and more. SFP is a BEP-20 token that can be transferred to any wallet that supports the Binance Smart Chain network. It can also be exchanged with other assets and can serve as a means of payment for services. SFP also serves as the SafePal governance token, and holders can create proposals and vote on new features such as adding new blockchains on SafePal products. SafePal products and services Include: Binance Coin (BNB) is the cryptocurrency that powers the Binance DEX.Read about Crypto.com Coin (CRO).Learn how to use a Bitcoin Wallet with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Stay on top of the market with the CoinMarketCap blog.SafePal has a maximum supply of 500 million SFP tokens, of which about a quarter is currently in circulation. The circulating supply of SFP will continue to grow as more people use the wallet. SafePal users earn SFP tokens as part of staking rewards, participating in referral campaigns, and completing tasks within the wallet app. As per SafePal’s official source, the token allocation is as follows:SafePal token is based on the Binance Smart Chain and secured by the proof-of-stake (POS) consensus mechanism. This helps to protect the network against different threats, including Sybil attacks and 51% attacks. It is also protected by a bug bounty program operated by Binance, which offers regular rewards in BNB to anyone that discovers a vulnerability on Binance Chain and its core smart contracts. Moreover, SFP is secured by the security system of the wallet software used to manage it. SafePal also adds additional security features, including a password security lock, 2FA, as well as 12,18 and 24-word recovery phrases. Where Can You Buy SafePal (SFP)?SafePal is available to purchase and trade on various platforms, including both centralized and decentralized exchanges. Binance and MXC are among thee xchanges to trade SFP. The token is currently tradable against a range of other cryptocurrencies, including Tether (USDT), Binance USD (BUSD) and Bitcoin (BTC)Looking to buy cryptocurrencies like SafePal with fiat? Read more here.', 'website': 'https://www.safepal.io', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/SafePalWallet', 'other_links': ['www.safepal.io', 'https://t.me/SafePalwallet'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/isafepal'], 'property': ['Wallet', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Binance Launchpad']} ,
{'rank': 324, 'name': 'Sora', 'symbol': 'XOR', 'id': '5802', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/sora/', 'slug': 'sora', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'SORA is about creating a supranational economic system that can efficiently provide capital to producers, thus pushing humanity forward, as well as a supranational and democratic governance structure to allocate capital in a fair way. It is both a new economic system that decentralizes the concept of a central bank as well as a network that implements a new way to architect a parachain blockchain that connects to the Polkadot relay chain and ecosystem with built-in tools focused on DeFi.The SORA Network excels at providing tools for decentralized applications that use digital assets, such as atomic token swaps, bridging tokens to other blockchains, and creating programmatic rules involving digital assets.SORA XOR is the native utility token that is:Used for transaction fees (gas) on the SORA substrate networkElastic supply, managed by a token bonding curveEnables holders of a certain amount to become a citizen and member of the SORA ParliamentUsed to add liquidity to pairs on PolkaswapUsed to stake to become a validator or to nominate validators on the SORA NetworkMore about SORA tokenomicsSORA XOR supply is elastically managed by a token bonding curve smart contract with buy and sell price functions. This means that as the token supply increases, the price also increases, and vice versa. The token bonding curve (TBC) manages the supply of tokens in a rational way, without involvement of humans, and it creates a system that avoids the boom-bust problems of traditional economies and the deflationary economics of many cryptocurrencies.SORA XOR is available for trading on a growing number of exchanges. One of the main exchanges is a cross-chain AMM DEX Polkaswap.The SORA substrate network bridges Ethereum and wil bridge Bitcoin to make cross-chain communication with both blockchains possible, while connecting to Polkadot and Kusama. This allows the Ethereum and Bitcoin communities to use SORA to access Polkadot and Kusama via a user-friendly bridge. With Polkaswap integration, users can trade any asset on Ethereum and Bitcoin on the Polkadot and Kusama networks and provide real cross-chain swaps.SORA Parliament is the governance system for the SORA Network, its main task\xa0 is to allocate newly minted XOR to productive projects. It has multiple bodies with clear separation of powers and where the members (Citizens) are chosen randomly. It is built around three main concepts:Isonomia: the principle that everyone who is a citizen has political equalityIsegoria: the right of all citizens to speak and contributeSortition: randomly choosing groups of citizens to make decisionsTo compensate citizens for their time, 1% of the funds that are allocatable to projects for productive uses shall be distributed to citizens. Learn more about the Parliament and the governance bodies.The founder of SORA, Makoto Takemiya, is the creator of the Proof-of-Importance algorithm used in NEM. He started his work on the SORA project back in August 2017. The key thesis of the SORA economic system is that for cryptoeconomic systems to be able to compete with contemporary, centralized economic systems, there needs to be a rational economic model. To create a rational economic model, the team did a survey of various economic theories. Over the course of this time Yokei Yamaguchi, an economist, joined the team in 2018, and he helped with several key parts of the model. On October 17, 2019, the SORA v1 Network launched. However, the technology has improved, giving the possibility to shape a new and more ambitious type of crypto ecosystem. Whereas the medium-term goal remains generating value for our community, analysis of the SORA economy has led to embrace the long-term goal of realizing a supranational world economic system. SORA v2 substrate Network is a profound and significant upgrade to the SORA Network and the SORA tokenomics.There are several medium articles that represent different features and strategies for building a strong decentralized economy. You can find all the articles here.Below are just some of the articles you might be interested in:SORA: The New Economic OrderThe SORA ParliamentSORA Validator Reward Token: $VALHow to Run a SORA Mainnet NodeRecent News', 'website': 'https://t.me/sora_xor', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/sora-xor', 'other_links': ['sora.org', 'sorascan.com', 'https://t.me/sora_xor'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'sorascan.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/sora_xor', 'https://reddit.com/r/SORA'], 'property': ['Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Polkadot']} ,
{'rank': 325, 'name': 'Render Token', 'symbol': 'RNDR', 'id': '5690', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/render-token/', 'slug': 'render-token', 'max_supply': '536,870,912', 'about': 'RenderToken (RNDR) is a distributed GPU rendering network built on top of the Ethereum blockchain, aiming to connect artists and studios in need of GPU compute power with mining partners willing to rent their GPU capabilities out. Conceived in 2009 by OTOY, inc. CEO Jules Urbach and launched in 2017, RNDR held its first public token sale in October of that same year, followed by a private sale period lasting from January 2018 – May 2018, wherein a total of 117,843,239 RNDR were sold at a price of 1 RNDR = $0.25 USD equivalent of token.\nDuring the private sale period, early adopters were onboarded onto the RNDR Beta Testnet, where beta node operators and artists worked collaboratively with the RNDR team in building and testing the network, up until its public launch on April 27th 2020. RNDR is an ERC-20 utility token used by artists on the network to exchange for GPU compute power from GPU providers (node operators). RNDR utilizes a combination manual and automatic proof of work system, or in this case proof of render, in order to verify all art has been successfully rendered prior to payment disbursal and art release. Utilizing the inherent security properties of the Ethereum blockchain, proprietary assets are hashed upon upload and sent to nodes piecemeal for rendering. All RNDR payments are stored in escrow during rendering, and are released to node operators upon manual verification by the commissioning artist of successful work. To prevent malicious actors in both user bases, all assets rendered on the network are watermarked until payment is successfully disbursed, upon which time un-watermarked renderings may be downloaded, and all payment is held in escrow until manually verified as being correctly rendered. Backed by parent company OTOY, the RNDR team is based out of Los Angeles, with team members throughout the world. The RNDR advisory board boasts industry leaders such as Ari Emanuel (Co-Founder and Co-CEO, WME), JJ Abrams (Chairman and CEO, Bad Robot Productions) and Brendan Eich (Founder and CEO, Brave Software and BAT), who have all advised RNDR in various capacities in bridging the gap between creating a system that appeals to both cryptocurrency communities and Hollywood studio production pipelines.', 'website': 'https://rendertoken.com/', 'other_links': ['rendertoken.com', 'https://t.me/RenderTokenOfficial'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/rendertoken'], 'property': ['Art', 'Scaling', 'Polygon Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 326, 'name': 'Beefy.Finance', 'symbol': 'BIFI', 'id': '7311', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/beefy-finance/', 'slug': 'beefy-finance', 'max_supply': '80,000', 'about': 'Beefy.Finance (BIFI), launched in 2020, is a yield optimization tool on the Binance Smart Chain that helps maximize the return from yield farming. Yield farming is the practice of staking or lending your crypto assets to a smart contract-based liquidity pool in order to generate returns or rewards.The lender is known as the liquidity provider and the fund where the money is kept is known as the liquidity pool. Yield farming protocols incentivize the liquidity providers (LPs) to lock up their crypto assets in the liquidity pool.These incentives can take the form of percentages of transaction fees, governance tokens, or interest from the lenders. Yield optimization is the usage of data analysis tools to maximize the performance of yield farming projects. The core team consists of pseudonymous developers known as @superbeefyboy, @sirbeefalot_bnb, @roastyb1 and @0xbeefy. Other people have contributed to the community by writing and testing strategies, tracking stats, creating marketing materials and developing new initiatives.Beefy.Finance optimizes yields through a vault system. These vaults serve as investment instruments and can implement strategies through the use of smart contracts. The vaults can automate the best yield farming opportunities and can use crypto assets as liquidity, provide assets as collateral, manage collateral and reduce chances of liquidation and use assets to generate a yield and compound profits. This combination of features allows users to automate their DeFi farming and optimize the returns. There are vault updates that remove the need for decision-making from an independent yield farmer.Beefy.Finance has no deposit fee; however, there is a withdrawal fee of 0.01% of the withdrawal amount. The performance fee on additional yield varies and is specified for each particular vault. There is also a call fee of 0.55% throughout each harvest. Beefy.Finance supports many popular wallets including Metamask, WalletConnect, TrustWallet and others.Beefy.Finance has its own governance token BIFI that allows users to receive a portion of the vault’s performance fees. BIFI holders can stake their tokens into a governance pool. It then distributes WBNB daily to the stakers, based on their percentage of the pool. Users do not have to un-stake their tokens to participate in voting.Learn about EveryCoin.Learn about 3x Short Bitcoin SV Token.Learn about Polkadot on CMC Alexandria.Learn more about the world of cryptocurrencies on the CoinMarketCap blog.As of March 2021, Beefy.Finance (BIFI) has a circulating supply of 72,000 BIFI and a maximum supply of 80,000 BIFI coins.Beefy.Finance has an allowance checker that allows users to identify projects and addresses that have an allowance to spend their tokens in. This tool also lets users revoke spending permissions for a small transaction fee. It ensures that no unwanted projects can drain funds from users’ wallets. Beefy.Finance (BIFI) can be traded on the following exchanges:Make sure to read our guide on how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) and other cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://beefy.finance/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/beefyfinance', 'other_links': ['beefy.finance', 'https://t.me/beefyfinance', 'https://discord.gg/yq8wfHd'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com', 'hecoinfo.com', 'polygonscan.com', 'cchain.explorer.avax.network', 'ftmscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/beefyfinance'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Yield farming', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Yield Aggregator', 'Governance', 'Avalanche Ecosystem', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Heco Ecosystem']} ,
