[
{'rank': 1, 'name': 'Bitcoin', 'symbol': 'BTC', 'id': '1', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/', 'slug': 'bitcoin', 'max_supply': '21,000,000', 'about': 'Bitcoin is a decentralized cryptocurrency originally described in a 2008 whitepaper by a person, or group of people, using the alias Satoshi Nakamoto. It was launched soon after, in January 2009.Bitcoin is a peer-to-peer online currency, meaning that all transactions happen directly between equal, independent network participants, without the need for any intermediary to permit or facilitate them. Bitcoin was created, according to Nakamoto’s own words, to allow “online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution.”Some concepts for a similar type of a decentralized electronic currency precede BTC, but Bitcoin holds the distinction of being the first-ever cryptocurrency to come into actual use.Bitcoin’s original inventor is known under a pseudonym, Satoshi Nakamoto. As of 2020, the true identity of the person — or organization — that is behind the alias remains unknown.On October 31, 2008, Nakamoto published Bitcoin’s whitepaper, which described in detail how a peer-to-peer, online currency could be implemented. They proposed to use a decentralized ledger of transactions packaged in batches (called “blocks”) and secured by cryptographic algorithms — the whole system would later be dubbed “blockchain.”Just two months later, on January 3, 2009, Nakamoto mined the first block on the Bitcoin network, known as the genesis block, thus launching the world’s first cryptocurrency.However, while Nakamoto was the original inventor of Bitcoin, as well as the author of its very first implementation, over the years a large number of people have contributed to improving the cryptocurrency’s software by patching vulnerabilities and adding new features.Bitcoin’s source code repository on GitHub lists more than 750 contributors, with some of the key ones being Wladimir J. van der Laan, Marco Falke, Pieter Wuille, Gavin Andresen, Jonas Schnelli and others.Bitcoin’s most unique advantage comes from the fact that it was the very first cryptocurrency to appear on the market.It has managed to create a global community and give birth to an entirely new industry of millions of enthusiasts who create, invest in, trade and use Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in their everyday lives. The emergence of the first cryptocurrency has created a conceptual and technological basis that subsequently inspired the development of thousands of competing projects.The entire cryptocurrency market — now worth more than $300 billion — is based on the idea realized by Bitcoin: money that can be sent and received by anyone, anywhere in the world without reliance on trusted intermediaries, such as banks and financial services companies.Thanks to its pioneering nature, BTC remains at the top of this energetic market after over a decade of existence. Even after Bitcoin has lost its undisputed dominance, it remains the largest cryptocurrency, with a market capitalization that fluctuated between $100-$200 billion in 2020, owing in large part to the ubiquitousness of platforms that provide use-cases for BTC: wallets, exchanges, payment services, online games and more.Looking for market and blockchain data for BTC? Visit our block explorer.Want to buy Bitcoin? Use CoinMarketCap’s guide.Should you buy Bitcoin with PayPal?What is wrapped Bitcoin?Will Bitcoin volatility ever reduce?How to use a Bitcoin ATMBitcoin’s total supply is limited by its software and will never exceed 21,000,000 coins. New coins are created during the process known as “mining”: as transactions are relayed across the network, they get picked up by miners and packaged into blocks, which are in turn protected by complex cryptographic calculations.As compensation for spending their computational resources, the miners receive rewards for every block that they successfully add to the blockchain. At the moment of Bitcoin’s launch, the reward was 50 bitcoins per block: this number gets halved with every 210,000 new blocks mined — which takes the network roughly four years. As of 2020, the block reward has been halved three times and comprises 6.25 bitcoins.Bitcoin has not been premined, meaning that no coins have been mined and/or distributed between the founders before it became available to the public. However, during the first few years of BTC’s existence, the competition between miners was relatively low, allowing the earliest network participants to accumulate significant amounts of coins via regular mining: Satoshi Nakamoto alone is believed to own over a million Bitcoin.Mining Bitcoins can be very profitable for miners, depending on the current hash rate and the price of Bitcoin. While the process of mining Bitcoins is complex, we discuss how long it takes to mine one Bitcoin on CMC Alexandria — as we wrote above, mining Bitcoin is best understood as how long it takes to mine one block, as opposed to one Bitcoin.Bitcoin is secured with the SHA-256 algorithm, which belongs to the SHA-2 family of hashing algorithms, which is also used by its fork Bitcoin Cash (BCH), as well as several other cryptocurrencies.Bitcoin is the first decentralized, peer-to-peer digital currency. One of its most important functions is that it is used as a decentralized store of value. In other words, it provides for ownership rights as a physical asset or as a unit of account. However, the latter store-of-value function has been debated. Many crypto enthusiasts and economists believe that high-scale adoption of the top currency will lead us to a new modern financial world where transaction amounts will be denominated in smaller units.The top crypto is considered a store of value, like gold, for many — rather than a currency. This idea of the first cryptocurrency as a store of value, instead of a payment method, means that many people buy the crypto and hold onto it long-term (or HODL) rather than spending it on items like you would typically spend a dollar — treating it as digital gold.The most popular wallets for cryptocurrency include both hot and cold wallets. Cryptocurrency wallets vary from hot wallets and cold wallets. Hot wallets are able to be connected to the web, while cold wallets are used for keeping large amounts of coins outside of the internet.Some of the top crypto cold wallets are Trezor, Ledger and CoolBitX. Some of the top crypto hot wallets include Exodus, Electrum and Mycelium.A hard fork is a radical change to the protocol that makes previously invalid blocks/transactions valid, and therefore requires all users to upgrade. For example, if users A and B are disagreeing on whether an incoming transaction is valid, a hard fork could make the transaction valid to users A and B, but not to user C.A hard fork is a protocol upgrade that is not backward compatible. This means every node (computer connected to the Bitcoin network using a client that performs the task of validating and relaying transactions) needs to upgrade before the new blockchain with the hard fork activates and rejects any blocks or transactions from the old blockchain. The old blockchain will continue to exist and will continue to accept transactions, although it may be incompatible with other newer Bitcoin clients.A soft fork is a change to the Bitcoin protocol wherein only previously valid blocks/transactions are made invalid. Since old nodes will recognise the new blocks as valid, a soft fork is backward-compatible. This kind of fork requires only a majority of the miners upgrading to enforce the new rules.Some examples of prominent cryptocurrencies that have undergone hard forks are the following: Bitcoin’s hard fork that resulted in Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum’s hard fork that resulted in Ethereum Classic.https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/article/bitcoin-vs-bitcoin-cash-vs-bitcoin-svBitcoin Cash has been hard forked since its original forking, with the creation of Bitcoin SV.The Lightning Network is an off-chain, layered payment protocol that operates bidirectional payment channels which allows instantaneous transfer with instant reconciliation. It enables private, high volume and trustless transactions between any two parties. The Lightning Network scales transaction capacity without incurring the costs associated with transactions and interventions on the underlying blockchain.The current valuation of Bitcoin is constantly moving, all day every day. It is a truly global asset. From a start of under one cent per coin, BTC has risen in price by thousands of percent to the numbers you see above. The prices of all cryptocurrencies are quite volatile, meaning that anyone’s understanding of how much is Bitcoin will change by the minute. However, there are times when different countries and exchanges show different prices and understanding how much is Bitcoin will be a function of a person’s location.Bitcoin is, in many regards, almost synonymous with cryptocurrency, which means that you can buy Bitcoin on virtually every crypto exchange — both for fiat money and other cryptocurrencies. Some of the main markets where BTC trading is available are:If you are new to crypto, use CoinMarketCap’s own easy guide to buying Bitcoin.', 'website': 'https://bitcoin.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/bitcoin/', 'whitepaper': 'https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf', 'other_links': ['bitcoin.org'], 'explorers': ['blockchain.coinmarketcap.com', 'blockchain.info', 'live.blockcypher.com', 'blockchair.com', 'explorer.viabtc.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://reddit.com/r/bitcoin'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'SHA-256'], 'property': ['Store of Value', 'State channels', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Framework Ventures', 'Galaxy Digital Portfolio', 'Huobi Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Winklevoss Capital', 'USV Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio', 'Paradigm XZY Screener'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 2, 'name': 'Ethereum', 'symbol': 'ETH', 'id': '1027', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/', 'slug': 'ethereum', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Ethereum is a decentralized open-source blockchain system that features its own cryptocurrency, Ether. ETH works as a platform for numerous other cryptocurrencies, as well as for the execution of decentralized smart contracts.Ethereum was first described in a 2013 whitepaper by Vitalik Buterin. Buterin, along with other co-founders, secured funding for the project in an online public crowd sale in the summer of 2014 and officially launched the blockchain on July 30, 2015.Ethereum’s own purported goal is to become a global platform for decentralized applications, allowing users from all over the world to write and run software that is resistant to censorship, downtime and fraud.Ethereum has a total of eight co-founders — an unusually large number for a crypto project. They first met on June 7, 2014, in Zug, Switzerland.Russian-Canadian Vitalik Buterin is perhaps the best known of the bunch. He authored the original white paper that first described Ethereum in 2013 and still works on improving the platform to this day. Prior to ETH, Buterin co-founded and wrote for the Bitcoin Magazine news website.British programmer Gavin Wood is arguably the second most important co-founder of ETH, as he coded the first technical implementation of Ethereum in the C++ programming language, proposed Ethereum’s native programming language Solidity and was the first chief technology officer of the Ethereum Foundation. Before Ethereum, Wood was a research scientist at Microsoft. Afterward, he moved on to establish the Web3 Foundation.Among the other co-founders of Ethereum are: - Anthony Di Iorio, who underwrote the project during its early stage of development. - Charles Hoskinson, who played the principal role in establishing the Swiss-based Ethereum Foundation and its legal framework. - Mihai Alisie, who provided assistance in establishing the Ethereum Foundation. - Joseph Lubin, a Canadian entrepreneur, who, like Di Iorio, has helped fund Ethereum during its early days, and later founded an incubator for startups based on ETH called ConsenSys. - Amir Chetrit, who helped co-found Ethereum but stepped away from it early into the development.Ethereum has pioneered the concept of a blockchain smart contract platform. Smart contracts are computer programs that automatically execute the actions necessary to fulfill an agreement between several parties on the internet. They were designed to reduce the need for trusted intermediates between contractors, thus reducing transaction costs while also increasing transaction reliability.Ethereum’s principal innovation was designing a platform that allowed it to execute smart contracts using the blockchain, which further reinforces the already existing benefits of smart contract technology. Ethereum’s blockchain was designed, according to co-founder Gavin Wood, as a sort of “one computer for the entire planet,” theoretically able to make any program more robust, censorship-resistant and less prone to fraud by running it on a globally distributed network of public nodes.In addition to smart contracts, Ethereum’s blockchain is able to host other cryptocurrencies, called “tokens,” through the use of its ERC-20 compatibility standard. In fact, this has been the most common use for the ETH platform so far: to date, more than 280,000 ERC-20-compliant tokens have been launched. Over 40 of these make the top-100 cryptocurrencies by market capitalization, for example, USDT, LINK and BNB.New to crypto? Learn how to buy Bitcoin today.Ready to learn more? Visit our learning hub.Want to look up a transaction? Visit our block explorer.Curious about the crypto space? Read our blog!In August 2020, there were around 112 million ETH coins in circulation, 72 million of which were issued in the genesis block — the first ever block on the Ethereum blockchain. Of these 72 million, 60 million were allocated to the initial contributors to the 2014 crowd sale that funded the project, and 12 million were given to the development fund.The remaining amount has been issued in the form of block rewards to the miners on the Ethereum network. The original reward in 2015 was 5 ETH per block, which later went down to 3 ETH in late 2017 and then to 2 ETH in early 2019. The average time it takes to mine an Ethereum block is around 13-15 seconds.One of the major differences between Bitcoin and Ethereum’s economics is that the latter is not deflationary, i.e. its total supply is not limited. Ethereum’s developers justify this by not wanting to have a “fixed security budget” for the network. Being able to adjust ETH’s issuance rate via consensus allows the network to maintain the minimum issuance needed for adequate security.As of August 2020, Ethereum is secured via the Ethash proof-of-work algorithm, belonging to the Keccak family of hash functions.There are plans, however, to transition the network to a proof-of-stake algorithm tied to the major Ethereum 2.0 update, which launched in late 2020.After the Ethereum 2.0 Beacon Chain (Phase 0) went live in the beginning of December 2020, it became possible to begin staking on the Ethereum 2.0 network. An Ethereum stake is when you deposit ETH (acting as a validator) on Ethereum 2.0 by sending it to a deposit contract, basically acting as a miner and thus securing the network. At the time of writing in mid-December 2020, the Ethereum stake price, or the amount of money earned daily by Ethereum validators, is about 0.00403 ETH a day, or $2.36. This number will change as the network develops and the amount of stakers (validators) increase.Ethereum staking rewards are determined by a distribution curve (the participation and average percent of stakers): some ETH 2.0 staking rewards are at 20% for early stakers, but will be lowered to end up between 7% and 4.5% annually.The minimum requirements for an Ethereum stake are 32 ETH. If you decide to stake in Ethereum 2.0, it means that your Ethererum stake will be locked up on the network for months, if not years, in the future until the Ethereum 2.0 upgrade is completed.Given the fact that Ethereum is the second-largest cryptocurrency after Bitcoin, it is possible to buy Ethereum, or use ETH trading pairs on nearly all of the major crypto exchanges. Some of the largest markets include:', 'website': 'https://gitter.im/orgs/ethereum/rooms', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ethereum', 'whitepaper': 'https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper', 'other_links': ['www.ethereum.org', 'en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Et...', 'https://gitter.im/orgs/ethereum/rooms'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'blockchair.com', 'bscscan.com', 'eth.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'forum.ethereum.org', 'ethresear.ch', 'https://twitter.com/ethereum', 'https://reddit.com/r/ethereum'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW'], 'property': ['Smart Contracts', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Three Arrows Capital Portfolio', 'Polychain Capital Portfolio', 'Binance Labs Portfolio', 'Arrington XRP capital', 'Blockchain Capital Portfolio', 'BoostVC Portfolio', 'CMS Holdings Portfolio', 'DCG Portfolio', 'DragonFly Capital Portfolio', 'Electric Capital Portfolio', 'Fabric Ventures Portfolio', 'Framework Ventures', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Huobi Capital', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'A16Z Portfolio', '1Confirmation Portfolio', 'Winklevoss Capital', 'USV Portfolio', 'Placeholder Ventures Portfolio', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio', 'Paradigm XZY Screener'], 'platform': ['Ethereum'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 3, 'name': 'Tether', 'symbol': 'USDT', 'id': '825', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tether/', 'slug': 'tether', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'USDT is a stablecoin (stable-value cryptocurrency) that mirrors the price of the U.S. dollar, issued by a Hong Kong-based company Tether. The token’s peg to the USD is achieved via maintaining a sum of dollars in reserves that is equal to the number of USDT in circulation.Originally launched in July 2014 as Realcoin, a second-layer cryptocurrency token built on top of Bitcoin’s blockchain through the use of the Omni platform, it was later renamed to USTether, and then, finally, to USDT. In addition to Bitcoin’s, USDT was later updated to work on the Ethereum, EOS, Tron, Algorand, and OMG blockchains.The stated purpose of USDT is to combine the unrestricted nature of cryptocurrencies — which can be sent between users without a trusted third-party intermediary — with the stable value of the US dollar.USDT — or as it was known at the time, Realcoin — was launched in 2014 by Brock Pierce, Reeve Collins and Craig Sellars.Brock Pierce is a well-known entrepreneur who has co-founded a number of high-profile projects in the crypto and entertainment industries. In 2013, he co-founded a venture capital firm Blockchain Capital, which by 2017 had raised over $80 million in funding. In 2014, Pierce became the director of the Bitcoin Foundation, a nonprofit established to help improve and promote Bitcoin. Pierce has also co-founded Block.one, the company behind EOS, one of the largest cryptocurrencies on the market.Reeve Collins was the CEO of Tether for the first two years of its existence. Prior to that, he had co-founded several successful companies, such as the online ad network Traffic Marketplace, entertainment studio RedLever and gambling website Pala Interactive. As of 2020, Collins is heading SmarMedia Technologies, a marketing and advertising tech company.Other than working on Tether, Craig Sellars has been a member of the Omni Foundation for over six years. Its Omni Protocol allows users to create and trade smart-contract based properties and currencies on top of Bitcoin’s blockchain. Sellars has also worked in several other cryptocurrency companies and organizations, such as Bitfinex, Factom, Synereo and the MaidSafe Foundation.USDT’s unique feature is the fact that its value is guaranteed by Tether to remain pegged to the U.S. dollar. According to Tether, whenever it issues new USDT tokens, it allocates the same amount of USD to its reserves, thus ensuring that USDT is fully backed by cash and cash equivalents.The famously high volatility of the crypto markets means that cryptocurrencies can rise or fall by 10-20% within a single day, making them unreliable as a store of value. USDT, on the other hand, is protected from these fluctuations.This property makes USDT a safe haven for crypto investors: during periods of high volatility, they can park their portfolios in Tether without having to completely cash out into USD. In addition, USDT provides a simple way to transact a U.S. dollar equivalent between regions, countries and even continents via blockchain — without having to rely on a slow and expensive intermediary, like a bank or a financial services provider.However, over the years, there have been a number of controversies regarding the validity of Tether’s claims about their USD reserves, at times disrupting USDT’s price, which went down as low as $0.88 at one point in its history. Many have raised concerns about the fact that Tether’s reserves have never been fully audited by an independent third party.Looking for market and blockchain data for BTC? Visit our block explorer.Want to buy crypto? Use CoinMarketCap’s guide.There is no hard-coded limit on the total supply of USDT — given the fact that it belongs to a private company, theoretically, its issuance is limited only by Tether’s own policies. However, because Tether claims that every single USDT is supposed to be backed by one U.S. dollar, the amount of tokens is limited by the company’s actual cash reserves.Moreover, Tether does not disclose its issuance schedules ahead of time. Instead, they provide daily transparency reports, listing the total amount of their asset reserves and liabilities, the latter corresponding to the amount of USDT in circulation.As of September 2020, there are over 14.4 billion USDT tokens in circulation, which are backed by $14.6 billion in assets, according to Tether.USDT does not have its own blockchain — instead, it operates as a second-layer token on top of other cryptocurrencies’ blockchains: Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Tron, Algorand, Bitcoin Cash and OMG, and is secured by their respective hashing algorithms.It is possible to buy Tether / USDT on a large number of cryptocurrency exchanges. In fact, USDT’s average daily trading volume is often on par or even exceeds that of Bitcoin. It is especially prominent on those exchanges where fiat-to-crypto trading pairs are unavailable, as it provides a viable alternative to USD. Here are some of the most popular exchanges that support Tether trading:', 'website': 'https://tether.to', 'whitepaper': 'https://tether.to/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/TetherWhitePaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['tether.to', 'https://t.me/OfficialTether'], 'explorers': ['www.omniexplorer.info', 'etherscan.io', 'algoexplorer.io', 'tronscan.org', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/tether_to'], 'property': ['Payments', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed', 'Solana Ecosystem']} ,
{'rank': 4, 'name': 'Binance Coin', 'symbol': 'BNB', 'id': '1839', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/binance-coin/', 'slug': 'binance-coin', 'max_supply': '170,532,785', 'about': 'Launched in July 2017, Binance is one of the biggest cryptocurrency exchanges globally. By aiming to bring cryptocurrency exchanges to the forefront of financial activity globally. The idea behind Binance’s name is to show this new paradigm in global finance — Binary Finance, or Binance.Aside from being the largest cryptocurrency exchange globally, Binance has launched a whole ecosystem of functionalities for its users. The Binance network includes the Binance Chain, Academy, Trusted Wallet and Research projects, which all employ the powers of blockchain technology to bring new-age finance to the world. Binance Coin is an integral part of the successful functioning of many of the Binance sub-projects. Changpeng Zhao is the founder and CEO of Binance. In 2001, Zhao joined Bloomberg as head of tradebook futures development. He spent four years with the company and later joined Fusion Systems as a partner. Since 2013, Changpeng Zhao has been actively involved with blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. He became head of development at Blockchain, and in 2015 he founded BijieTech. In 2017, Zhao officially launched Binance, and he has been the CEO of the company ever since. He Yi is a co-founder and chief marketing officer at Binance. She started her career as a TV anchor and presenter on China Travel TV in 2012. Later, in 2014, Yi co-founded OKCoin, which was the largest fiat-to-crypto exchange in China at the time. In 2017, she joined forces with Changpeng Zhao, and together they created the largest crypto exchange globally — Binance. Binance is a unique ecosystem of decentralized, blockchain-based networks. The company has grown to be the leading crypto exchange in a number of countries, and their side organizations are attracting significant interest as well. One of the biggest competitive advantages Binance has is its drive for development. While the company started only as a crypto exchange back in 2017, today, Binance has spread its services among numerous different spheres. According to the company website, its mission is to become the infrastructure services provider for the entire blockchain ecosystem.Since launching the Binance Coin, the exchange has also benefited from increased investor interest in the token. BNB went through a significant price increase at the beginning of 2021, which has put it on the map of enterprise investors.Read more about Elrond.Find out more about bZx protocol.Learn more about DApps.Binance is launching an NFT marketplace.What are crypto debit cards?There is a maximum supply of 170,532,785 BNB coins, of which 153,432,897 are currently in circulation as of April 2021. According to the Binance whitepaper, exactly half of the maximum supply of BNB tokens was allocated towards the initial coin offering (ICO) and public sale of the token. Another 40% of the total supply, or around 80,000,000 BNB coins, was distributed among the founding members and team. Finally, the remaining 10% of the maximum supply was split among angel investors. Initially, the Binance coin started as a traditional ERC-20 token on the Ethereum blockchain. Later on, the company introduced its own blockchain, and the coins started being issued from the Binance blockchain, secured by the Tendermint byzantine-fault-tolerant (BFT) consensus mechanism.While ERC-20 tokens rely on the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus, which allows them to be extremely scalable, and allows for the creation of smart contracts. Unlike PoS, the Binance blockchain does not support smart contract functionalities. In contrast, the Bitcoin blockchain is secured by the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus, which is far more limited and consumes large amounts of electrical and computing power. As the dedicated utility token of the Binance exchange, the most straightforward way to acquire BNB coins would be to purchase them through Binance. The original exchange supports the largest variety of trading pairs with BNB, and it also has the best trading rates for the coin. If you are looking for alternative exchanges where you can purchase BNB, FTX is a good choice. Keep in mind that investing in cryptocurrency can be risky, just like investing in any other type of asset. Find more information here about buying cryptos.', 'website': 'https://www.binance.com/', 'other_links': ['www.binance.com', 'https://t.me/binanceexchange'], 'explorers': ['explorer.binance.org', 'etherscan.io', 'bscscan.com', 'blockchair.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/binance', 'https://reddit.com/r/binance'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Centralized exchange', 'Payments', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'Alameda Research Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 5, 'name': 'Cardano', 'symbol': 'ADA', 'id': '2010', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/cardano/', 'slug': 'cardano', 'max_supply': '45,000,000,000', 'about': 'Cardano is a proof-of-stake blockchain platform that says its goal is to allow “changemakers, innovators and visionaries” to bring about positive global change.The open-source project also aims to “redistribute power from unaccountable structures to the margins to individuals” — helping to create a society that is more secure, transparent and fair.Cardano was founded back in 2017, and the ADA token is designed to ensure that owners can participate in the operation of the network. Because of this, those who hold the cryptocurrency have the right to vote on any proposed changes to the software.The team behind the layered blockchain say that there have already been some compelling use cases for its technology, which aims to allow decentralized apps and smart contracts to be developed with modularity.Cardano is used by agricultural companies to track fresh produce from field to fork, while other products built on the platform allow educational credentials to be stored in a tamper-proof way, and retailers to clamp down on counterfeit goods.Cardano was founded by Charles Hoskinson, who was also one of the co-founders of the Ethereum network. He is the CEO of IOHK, the company that built Cardano’s blockchain.In an interview for CoinMarketCap’s Crypto Titans series, Hoskinson said that he got involved in cryptocurrencies back in 2011 — and dabbled in mining and trading. He explained that his first professional involvement in the industry came in 2013, when he created a course about Bitcoin that ended up being taken by 80,000 students.As well as being a technology entrepreneur, Hoskinson is also a mathematician. In 2020, his technology company donated ADA worth $500,000 to the University of Wyoming’s Blockchain Research and Development Lab.Cardano is one of the biggest blockchains to successfully use a proof-of-stake consensus mechanism, which is less energy intensive than the proof-of-work algorithm relied upon by Bitcoin. Although the much larger Ethereum is going to be upgrading to PoS, this transition is only going to take place gradually.The project has taken pride in ensuring that all of the technology developed goes through a process of peer-reviewed research, meaning that bold ideas can be challenged before they are validated. According to the Cardano team, this academic rigor helps the blockchain to be durable and stable — increasing the chance that potential pitfalls can be anticipated in advance.In 2020, Cardano held a Shelley upgrade that aimed to make its blockchain “50 to 100 times more decentralized” than other large blockchains. At the time, Hoskinson predicted that this would pave the way for hundreds of assets to run on its network.Related Pages:Read our interview with Cardano founder Charles HoskinsonA deep dive into the technology behind Ethereum 2.0Brush up on complicated crypto terms with our glossaryCheck out our other interviews with crypto heavyweights A Deep Dive Into CardanoRead our crypto staking guideThere is a maximum supply of 45 billion ADA — but at the time of writing, there was a circulating supply of about 31 billion. Five rounds of public sales of Cardano tokens were held between September 2015 and January 2017.Approximately 2.5 billion ADA was allotted to IOHK once the network launched. Meanwhile, an additional 2.1 billion ADA was given to Emurgo, a global blockchain technology company that served as a founding entity of the Cardano protocol. Last but not least, 648 million ADA was given to the not-for-profit Cardano Foundation, which aims to promote the platform and increase levels of adoption.Overall, about 16% of ADA’s total supply went to the project’s founders, with the remaining 84% being split among investors.Cardano is secured through an “environmentally sustainable, verifiably secure” PoS protocol that’s known as Ouroboros.The project says that Ouroboros improves upon the security guarantees that are delivered by a PoW consensus mechanism while using substantially less power — claiming that it is four times more energy efficient than Bitcoin.It is described as a blend of unique technology and mathematically verified mechanisms, with behavioral psychology and economic philosophy thrown in for good measure. Overall, the objective of Ouroboros is to achieve sustainable and ethical growth.An incentive mechanism means that participants in the network are rewarded for their involvement.As one of the biggest cryptocurrencies in the world in terms of market capitalization, you shouldn’t have much difficulty in finding a major exchange to buy Cardano on including Binance, Bittrex, eToro, and HitBTC.If you’re struggling to find a trading pair that unites ADA with your local currency, check out this guide on how to convert fiat into Bitcoin — giving you a gateway to buying altcoins."', 'website': 'https://www.cardano.org', 'source_code': 'https://cardanoupdates.com/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.cardano.org/en/latest/', 'other_links': ['www.cardano.org', 'https://t.me/Cardano'], 'explorers': ['explorer.cardano.org', 'cardanoscan.io', 'blockchair.com', 'bscscan.com', 'ada.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['t.me', 'medium.com', 'forum.cardano.org', 'https://twitter.com/cardano', 'https://reddit.com/r/cardano'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS', 'PoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Research', 'Smart Contracts', 'Staking'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain'], 'other': ['Mineable'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Communications & Social Media']} ,
{'rank': 101, 'name': 'Voyager Token', 'symbol': 'VGX', 'id': '1817', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/voyager-token/', 'slug': 'voyager-token', 'max_supply': '222,295,209', 'about': "Voyager Token is a cryptocurrency broker that provides investors with a trusted and secure access point to crypto asset trading. Voyager is built to serve both retail and institutional investors with a nigh-instant solution for trading crypto assets.The crypto brokerage service, which launched in October 2018, now supports over 55 crypto assets and has a unique smart order routing technology that connects it with over a dozen crypto exchanges. The mobile app of the Voyager Token launched in January 2019, making it even easier for users to trade cryptos.The native token of the brokerage, Voyager Token (VGX), is used to reward users within the Voyager ecosystem. VGX also generates interest when held in the Voyager app, offers cashback rewards and other services exclusive to Voyager users.Voyager also offers 100 percent commission-free transactions — including buying and selling. Traders only have to pay only the quoted price when executing an order on the platform.Crypto Trading Technologies, the mother company of Voyager Token, is led by a group with experience in online brokerage services. The project was jointly founded by Stephen Ehrlich, Philip Eytan, Gaspard de Dreuzy and Oscar Salazar.Stephen Ehrlich, the chief executive officer of the foundation, is a veteran in the brokerage and financial market specializing in developing trading platforms for equity and options traders. He is the founder of Lightspeed Financial and former CEO of E*TRADE Professional Trading LLC.Chairman of the Voyager Foundation, Philip Eytan, started as a telecom M&A analyst at Morgan Stanley and portfolio manager at Cerberus Capital. He is the co-founder of the digital healthcare startup, Pager. He is one of the founding investors of Uber, Source and Livestream.Gaspard de Dreuzy serves as a board member for the Voyager Foundation. A veteran in the brokerage and financial market, he started his career as an advisor to Warner Music. He is also the co-founder of Kapitall, Trade.it and Pager.Oscar Salazar is an investor and experienced developer of customer-driven mobile applications. He is best known for being the founding architect and chief technical officer of Uber. He is also a co-founder of the digital healthcare startup.Voyager has created a network for crypto trading that feels remarkably similar to clients traditional online brokerages enjoy. Voyager launched its mobile app in 2019 to bring an easy, yet efficient crypto brokerage service to smartphone users.Voyager Token uses a Smart Order Routing technology that takes advantage of discrepancies between listed prices on cryptocurrency exchanges. This technology helps it connect instantly with over a dozen crypto exchanges for investors to choose the best exchange rate available for their transactions.This feature also means that investors can also evaluate the spreads between bid and ask prices and higher levels of liquidity across different crypto exchanges. For traders, it becomes much easier to enter and exit positions.Although the platform offers professional trading services, it remains very easy to use. The order submission is assisted by Voyager's Smart Order Routing. After selecting a coin or token, the order type, and the amount of the asset to be purchased in USD, Voyager's Smart Order Routing automatically fills out the order.Find out about Troy (TROY)Nine things to know before investing in cryptocurrencyLearn about cryptocurrency with CMC AlexandriaRead the latest posts on the CoinMarketCap blogLike the native tokens of other crypto brokerage platforms, the Voyager Tokens have all been issued. This means that the circulating. Other brokerage services that take this approach include Binance (BNB) and Troy (TROY). The max supply of such tokens represents the circulating supply because of the high liquidity rate recorded by brokers. The max supply and circulating supply of VGX tokens is set at 222,295,208 tokens, with no immediate plans of issuing more tokens.Voyager tokens were issued as an ERC-20 token running on the Ethereum network. Being an ERC-20 token, VGX cannot be mined like conventional proof-of-work crypto assets.The network leverages the well-tested cryptographic standards and methods of Ethereum to ensure an extremely high degree of security. In addition, it incorporates public key cryptography as well as elliptic key cryptography for advanced security.Voyager is a publicly traded and licensed crypto-asset broker, having received approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). For security and regulatory reasons, Voyager is also publicly audited to account for every asset.Voyager Tokens is a mobile-focused brokerage token. The top exchanges for trading in Voyager tokens are currently:BinanceUnisawp v2HitBTCATOMARSTo get reliable updates on Voyager Tokens as well as other cryptocurrencies, follow CoinMarketCap’s daily news.", 'website': 'https://t.me/joinchat/H9SuYEmNirTJFHtMqtc70A', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.investvoyager.com/VoyagerToken/White_Paper.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.investvoyager.com', 'www.ethos.io', 'https://t.me/joinchat/H9SuYEmNirTJFHtMqtc70A'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/investvoyager', 'https://reddit.com/r/investvoyager'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'Wallet']} ,
{'rank': 102, 'name': 'Ankr', 'symbol': 'ANKR', 'id': '3783', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ankr/', 'slug': 'ankr', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': 'Ankr originates as a solution that utilizes shared resources in order to provide easy and affordable blockchain node hosting solutions. It was founded in November in 2017 and during its time on the market, it has built a marketplace for container-based cloud services through the usage of shared resources.This in turn provides developers and enterprise clients with the ability to easily deploy blockchain nodes at a much cheaper price when compared to public cloud providers.As such, hosting blockchain nodes on Ankr take away any centralization issues and single point of failure.Furthermore, public blockchains are able to engage in communities and provide further assistance to their networks. Ankr aims to build an infrastructure platform and marketplace for Web3-stack deployment to enable resource providers as well as end-users to connect to blockchain technologies and DeFi applications.Note that the Ankr proprietary cloud infrastructure operates independently when we compare it to public cloud providers, and that it is completely powered through geographically distributed datacenters to increase its stability and resilience levels. The Ankr Network was founded in 2017 at Berkeley University in California as a distributed computing platform that takes advantage of blockchain technologies.Co-founder Chandler Song worked as an engineer at Amazon Web Services and serves as CEO, while the other co-founder Ryan Fang worked as an investment banker at Morgan Stanley.Chandler Song introduced Ryan Fang to Bitcoin and blockchain during their freshman year back in 2014, where he talked him into buying 22 Bitcoin together. In 2017, those bitcoins became the seed that funded the Ankr project.Together, they acknowledged the potential of the cloud computing market as an infrastructure that could drive global innovation. This led them on a mission to build a cheaper, decentralized cloud.The Ankr network is created to provide a new blockchain solution that leverages idle computing power from devices and data centers as a whole. It is a platform that enables the sharing economy, where any customer can access resources at a more affordable rate, while also providing enterprises with the ability to monetize on their spare computing power that is not being utilized. It is unique in the way that it is the first one to use trusted hardware, and as such this ensures a high level of security. Find out about Bancor (BNT).Find out about Decentraland (MANA).Learn about cryptocurrency through Alexandria.Read our latest posts on our CoinMarketCap blog.The current circulating supply of ANKR is set at 6,496,232,711 coins. They are at a trading volume of $49,811,009 USD. Ankr coins have a max supply of 10,000,000,000 ANKR coins. The ERC-20 and BEP-2 tokens are used in order to provide liquidity and trading on the exchanges, and the native Ankr token Is required to access blockchain functions. Ankr utilizes verification nodes in the block validation process, and as such can ensure that the quality of the network itself is maintained and that any bad actors are removed from the system.In order to ensure that the system remains secure and that only good actors are picked, Ankr employs a reputation-based system. This filters actors based on node contributions. Furthermore, a performance test is used to fairly distribute their differing computational resources based on their workload.Ankr also employs the intel SGX as its main component. This allows for a high level of security against certain hardware and software attacks due to the fact that it processes executions inside of the hardware itself. When we discuss off-chain data and its processing, there is a Native Oracle System, or NOS for short, that transfers between the on-chain smart contracts as well as the off-chain data. This NOS is secure and requires authentication.The Data Source Security itself is handled through TLS 1.2,1.3 and Perfect Forward Security, or PFS. Ankr is a crypto asset that can be found in many different crypto exchanges. The top crypto exchanges for buying, selling and trading of Ankr (ANKR) include:Upbit BithumbHoubi GlobalDigifinex Bittrex, andUniswap (V2)The number of exchanges trading Ankr have decent liquidity for Ankr tokens, and will probably not have too much slippage on large block orders as a result. Here’s a step-by-step guide to teach you all about crypto and how to buy your first coins.', 'website': 'https://www.ankr.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/Ankr-network', 'other_links': ['www.ankr.com', 'https://t.me/ankrnetwork', 'https://open.kakao.com/o/g7Knr09'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'explorer.binance.org', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/ankr'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'DeFi', 'Filesharing', 'Staking', 'Substrate', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio', 'Polygon Ecosystem'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 103, 'name': 'ICON', 'symbol': 'ICX', 'id': '2099', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/icon/', 'slug': 'icon', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "ICON is a decentralized blockchain network focused on interoperability. With ICON’s “blockchain transmission protocol”, independent blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum can connect and transact with each other. This opens up cross-chain use cases that are impossible without an interoperability layer like ICON.ICON Network describes itself as a general-purpose blockchain protocol based on the native cryptocurrency ICX that can run smart contracts, adopt the BFT-DPoS (Delegated Proof-of-Stake) consensus protocol, and use an economic-governance protocol called DPoC (Delegated Proof-of-Contribution). The ICON Network is powered by a proprietary blockchain engine called 'loopchain' and has the ability to handle hundreds of transactions per second. The ICON project was started to ensure the integrity and transparency of data shared between institutions and companies, and to move mutual assets on heterogeneous blockchains without a centralized organization. In the long term, ICON Network aims to become an 'interchain' that connects multiple blockchains based on BTP technology.The ICON blockchain is powered by loopchain, a blockchain engine designed by ICONLOOP. ICONLOOP is responsible for loopchain’s government and enterprise adoption in South Korea. Loopchain is the Seoul Metropolitan Government’s standard blockchain platform.", 'website': 'https://iconrepublic.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/icon-project', 'whitepaper': 'http://docs.icon.foundation/ICON-Whitepaper-EN-Draft.pdf', 'other_links': ['iconrepublic.org', 'https://t.me/hello_iconworld'], 'explorers': ['tracker.icon.foundation', 'iconwat.ch'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/helloiconworld', 'https://reddit.com/r/helloicon'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Interoperability', 'Kinetic Capital', 'Pantera Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 104, 'name': 'Ravencoin', 'symbol': 'RVN', 'id': '2577', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ravencoin/', 'slug': 'ravencoin', 'max_supply': '21,000,000,000', 'about': 'Ravencoin is a digital peer-to-peer (P2P) network that aims to implement a use case specific blockchain, designed to efficiently handle one specific function: the transfer of assets from one party to another. Built on a fork of the Bitcoin code, Ravencoin was announced on Oct. 31, 2017 and released binaries for mining on Jan. 3, 2018 with what is called a fair launch: no premine, ICO or masternodes. It was named in reference to a TV show Game of Thrones.The Ravencoin whitepaper was published by Bruce Fenton, Tron Black and Joel Weight.They stand out over the majority of the crypto crowd in that they were all seasoned businessmen and developers before they started this project.Fenton is well known in crypto for being a board member and an executive director of the Bitcoin Foundation from 2015 to 2018. Before crypto, he had a solid career in investment banking as the vice president of Morgan Stanley in the 90s and a managing director of Atlantis Consulting for 13 years. Currently, he works as a managing director of Chainstone Labs, a stealth fintech startup.Tron Black is a principal software developer with more than 30 years of experience, including leading several software companies as a CEO. He has been working in crypto since 2013 on several ventures including Verified Wallet, CoinCPA and t0. He is currently employed with Medici Ventures, a subsidiary of Overstock.com focused on blockchain technology applications.Weight is a chief technology officer at Overstock.com, a well known online retailer. Previously, he has also been involved with Medici Ventures in roles of COO and CTO. He is a veteran software developer who started his career after graduating from the University of Utah in 1998 right in the middle of the dotcom bubble.As a fork of the Bitcoin code, Ravencoin features four key changes: modified issuance schedule (with block reward of 5,000 RVN), block time reduced to one minute, coin supply capped at 21 billion (ten times more than BTC) and a mining algorithm (KAWPOW, formerly X16R and X16RV2 respectively) intended to mitigate the centralization of mining caused by ASIC hardware. Ravencoin aimsto solve the problem of assets transfer and trading over blockchain. Previously, if someone created an asset on the Bitcoin blockchain, it could be accidentally destroyed when someone traded the coins it was created with. RVN coins are designed as internal currency within the network and must be burnt in order to issue token assets on the Ravenchain. The assets can represent anything: real world custodial objects like gold or physical euros, virtual goods and objects, a share of a project like stocks and securities, airline miles or an hour of someone’s wage, etc. The planned future versions of Ravencoin protocol will support integrated messaging and voting systems.Learn more about Counterparty, one of the first crypto protocols for assets trading.Maybe it’s time for a deep dive into Polkadot, a booming multichain protocol that facilitates the cross-chain transfer of any data or assets.What is ASIC mining?Want toknow how it started? Read our explainer on Bitcoin.Ready for more crypto info? Check out our blog for the latest crypto news and insights.Ravencoin insists on being as fair and open as it is possible for a new cryptocurrency. There was no pre-mine, no ICO and no coins were held for developer or founders rewards.In three years since its inception (as of March 2021), 39% of coins are already mined. The total supply is capped at 21 billion coins.Ravencoin is a fork of Bitcoin, so it is protected by the power of decentralization and mathematics. It uses a proof-of-work mining algorithm called KAWPOW, which replaced X16R and X16RV2 on May 6, 2020. Not only does this ensure security it is designed to be ASIC resistant. The X16r algorithm group employed initially uses 16 different hashing algorithms for each mining block, but the order in which they are used is different for every block and is derived from the last 8 bytes of the hash of the previous block. It was thought that the necessity to adapt each cycle did not give ASICs any advantage over CPUs and GPUs. Eventually, however, ASICs for it were created, andRavencoin had to switch to an entirely different algorithm, KAWPOW, which was a slightly modified version of ProgPow, which itself was the evolution of Ethash and is optimised for mining on GPUs.This, combined with the commitment of fair distribution with no pre-mine is meant to ensure that no single individual or organization will have or be able to have enough hash power to try to attempt a 51% attack or create any sort of artificial market price shocks.Unfortunately, there was a successful known hack of the Ravencoin blockchain, of which the public was informed about on June 3, 2020. During the attack, hackers managed to nstantly mint i315 million RVN coins, which constitutes about 1.5% of Ravencoin’s supply cap of 21 billion. At the moment of the announcementm the price of the stolen RVN was estimated at USD $5.7M. None of the existing coin holders were directly affected by the attack.RVN is a freely traded coin with pairs against stablecoins, such as Tether (USDT), other cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum, and fiat money.The top exchanges for trading in Ravencoin are currently Binance, Huobi Global, OKEx, ZG.com, and VCC Exchange. You can find others listed on our crypto exchanges page.New to crypto and want to know how to buy Bitcoin (BTC) or any other token? Find out the details here.', 'website': 'https://github.com/RavenProject/Ravencoin', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/RavenProject/Ravencoin', 'whitepaper': 'https://ravencoin.org/whitepaper/', 'other_links': ['ravencoin.org', 'getravencoin.org', 'https://t.me/RavencoinDev', 'https://discordapp.com/invite/CqbfUZd'], 'explorers': ['ravencoin.network', 'rvn.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/ravencoin', 'https://reddit.com/r/Ravencoin'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Crowdfunding'], 'other': ['Mineable'], 'self_reported_tags': ['Asset management', 'Atomic Swaps', 'DeFi']} ,
{'rank': 105, 'name': 'BakeryToken', 'symbol': 'BAKE', 'id': '7064', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bakerytoken/', 'slug': 'bakerytoken', 'max_supply': '277,237,400', 'about': 'Launched in September 2020, BakeryToken (BAKE) is a part of the BakerySwap ecosystem. Liquidity providers are rewarded with BAKE tokens which can be used to earn a share of BakerySwap’s trading fees and to participate in voting as part of BakerySwap’s governance process.BakerySwap is a decentralized automated market-making (AMM) protocol that is based on the Binance Smart Chain (BSC). The BAKE token is a native BEP-20 governance token on the platform.Users have the ability to earn BAKE tokens by providing liquidity on BakerySwap, and BAKE holders can use their tokens for governance voting and to receive transaction fee dividends. The BAKE rewards are offered in several liquidity pools, initially including BTC, ETH, DOT, LINK, BUSD and BAKE versus BNB.The team behind BakeryToken is an anonymous group of developers who believe in the future of decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs).Bakery Swap runs on the Binance Smart Chain. The BAKE-BNB pool is expected to provide ten times the rewards compared to other pools.BakerySwap, a Binance Smart Chain-based AMM, offers liquidity pools for altcoins such as LINK, DOT and others. It works through initial liquidity pools. BakerySwap has two types of liquidity pools: with BAKE rewards and without them. This is done in order to facilitate the creation of new liquidity pools by the community.Only designated pools will have BAKE rewards. The reward multiplier for each will vary based on the value they provide to BAKE holders. BakerySwap charges a 0.30% fee on all swaps and trades, out of which 0.25% go to liquidity providers.The liquidity providers are then given liquidity pool tokens that represent their share of each pool. Through these tokens, they can earn a portion of the fees that are collected in the pools when removing the liquidity. Liquidity providers can then stake Bakery LP tokens to farm BAKE token rewards. Learn about Universe.Learn about Klaytn.Learn about Crypto ETFs on CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Stay in the loop about everything cryptocurrency on the CoinMarketCap blog.The BakeryToken network is secured through the use of real-time security monitors and intelligence systems. It has on-chain monitoring and passes many security checks.BakeryToken (BAKE) can be purchased or sold on the following exchanges:Consult with our in-depth guide to find out more about how to buy Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.', 'website': 'https://www.bakeryswap.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/BakeryProject', 'other_links': ['www.bakeryswap.org', 'https://t.me/bakeryswap'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/bakery_swap'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs', 'DeFi', 'AMM', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'DEX'], 'platform': ['Binance Chain']} ,
{'rank': 201, 'name': 'HEX', 'symbol': 'HEX', 'id': '5015', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hex/', 'slug': 'hex', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Designed and launched by Richard Heart on 2 December 2019, HEX describes itself as a Certificate of Deposit on the blockchain.HEX is an ERC20 token launched on the Ethereum network. HEX is designed to be a store of value to replace the Certificate of Deposit as the blockchain counterpart of that financial product used in traditional financial markets. HEX is also designed to leverage off the emerging DeFi (Decentralised Finance) ecosystem in cryptocurrencies within the Ethereum network. HEX uses the Ethereum network for the transaction layer (sending and receiving HEX tokens, as well as interacting with the HEX smart contract), whilst the consensus code and staking mechanism is contained in the HEX smart contract.HEX allows a user to stake his or her HEX coins for a share of the new HEX coin issuance, or inflation and contains features designed to incentivize behaviors that encourage price appreciation and disincentivize behaviors that encourage harm to the price. The HEX smart contract penalizes stakers for ending their stake early and rewards them for staking larger amounts of HEX for longer periods.HEX is distributed to Bitcoin holders by way of a snapshot of the Bitcoin UTXO set that occurred on 2 December 2019 at block height 606227. The distribution of HEX to Bitcoin holders is 10,000 HEX per 1 BTC. Bitcoin holders are able to claim HEX only during the first year of launch. During this period, HEX is also obtained in exchange for ETH through interacting with the HEX smart contract.At the end of the first year of launch, all HEX coins that were not claimed by Bitcoin holders are distributed to the rest of the HEX users who have stakes that are active. The maximum possible annual inflation of HEX is designed to be 3.69% after the first year of launch.', 'website': 'https://t.me/HEXcrypto', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/BitcoinHEX', 'whitepaper': 'https://hex.win/techspecs.html', 'other_links': ['hex.com', 'go.hex.win', 'https://t.me/HEXcrypto'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/HEXcrypto', 'https://reddit.com/r/HEXcrypto']} ,
{'rank': 202, 'name': 'Egoras', 'symbol': 'EGR', 'id': '5075', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/egoras/', 'slug': 'egoras', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Launched on 18/11/2019 by a team-based in the United States and Nigeria. Egoras protocol aims to address issues facing microfinance sectors like high-interest rates, dependence on banks, and indebtedness. Egoras protocol uses an on-chain treasury system to make sure that Egoras protocol does not lack the funds or liquidity for the loans and these funds are governed by the people. Finally, the Egoras protocol introduces collateral lending to address over-indebtedness in the microfinance sector, small business assets will be converted to non-fungible tokens and it represents the collateral and these assets will be sold off when the borrower defaults the loan.All loans are over collateralized by real-world assets like real estate, vehicles, and supply chain invoices. The real-world assets backing are represented as NFTs.By voting on Egoras, users can support causes that they care about and make an impact. ', 'website': 'https://egoras.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/EgorasMarket/', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.egoras.com/', 'other_links': ['egoras.com', 'https://t.me/egorasmarket'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io', 'bscscan.com'], 'community': ['egoras.medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/egorasmarket', 'https://reddit.com/r/egoras'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DAO', 'DeFi', 'Collectibles & NFTs', 'DApp', 'Yield farming']} ,
{'rank': 203, 'name': 'KickToken [old]', 'symbol': 'KICK', 'id': '2017', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/kick-token/', 'slug': 'kick-token', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Kick Ecosystem describes itself as a set of FinTech tools that form a “one-stop-shop” for every user from all over the world. These tools aim to cover all financial needs. KickToken acts as a central currency, which resides on the Ethereum platform. The ecosystem comprises an exchange (KickEX.com), a referral program KickRef (ref.kickex.com), a white label token sale solution (KickDesk), STO listing and trading, a unified login system (KickID), a multicurrency wallet (KickWallet), a crypto payment gateway (KickPay), ad network integration (KickCPA), a mobile app (KickMobile), a messaging service (KickMessenger), a crypto markets research institute KickAcademy (academy.kickex.com) and exchange-pricing solutions (AIO and IEO). For more information on the token and ecosystem please visit (KickEX.com) and (ref.kickex.com).', 'website': 'https://kickex.com/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/kickecosystem/KICKTOKEN_FINAL', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.kickico.com/whitepaper/', 'other_links': ['kickex.com', 'https://t.me/kickico'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/KickEcosystem', 'https://reddit.com/r/KICKICO_Platform'], 'property': ['Asset management', 'Crowdfunding'], 'self_reported_tags': ['DeFi', 'Wallet', 'Smart Contracts', 'Payments', 'Platform', 'Services', 'E-commerce', 'Centralized exchange', 'Marketplace']} ,
{'rank': 204, 'name': 'Fei Protocol', 'symbol': 'FEI', 'id': '8642', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/fei-protocol/', 'slug': 'fei-protocol', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Fei protocol is an algorithmic stablecoin for DeFi. The aim of Fei is to propose a technological solution in a sweet spot between rigid overcollateralized traditional stablecoin and unpredictable but centralised existing algorithmic stablecoins.Fei Protocol runs on two crypto assets: FEI stablecoin and TRIBE governance token.FEI is based on a novel kind of stablecoin mechanism called direct incentives. It aimed to be more capital efficient, feature a fair distribution and to be fully decentralized. The protocol uses the value it controls to maintain liquid secondary markets.The project was founded in December 2020 and immediately attracted significant interest in the crypto community. It resulted in $19 million VC investment in early March 2021. Among the names that have entered this project are Andreessen Horowitz (a16z), Coinbase Ventures, Nascent and Framework Ventures. The FEI genesis launch event was held as an IDO (initial defi offering) at the end of March and was finished by Apr. 3, 2021. During the event a total of 639,000 ETH was committed to the minting of the FEI stablecoin, or nearly $1.3 billion. Shortly afterwards it started to drop in price catastrophically, revealing a critical misjudge of incentive structure multiplied by the general public’s misunderstanding of the protocol’s ways and means. Moreover, each time the algorithm tried to adjust the rates to discourage FEI selling, it only made the matters worse. At the peak of the crisis it was traded pennies on a dollar. Weeks after the event FEI has not reached the 1:1 peg leaving the future of FEI protocol in question.Fei Protocol was founded by a team of Bay Area residents Joey Santoro, Brianna Montgomery and Sebastian Delgado. The decentralized stablecoin platform Fei was launched on March 31, 2021.Santoro is the founder at Fei Protocol and the CEO of Fei Labs. His background is in software engineering and crypto. Prior to Fei he has been a software engineer at Okta Inc, a software company, helping businesses manage digital identities. He graduated from Duke University, majoring in computer science in 2019, where he also has served as a research assistant and co-president of the local Blockchain Lab.Brianna Montgomery is the project’s business lead. Prior to joining the Fei team she has worked as a business lead at ConsenSys, a blockchain studio, building projects on Ethereum. She had a successful career featuring similar roles in a few other tech companies, including Coriant, DefenseStorm and nCino. She has a magna cum laude degree in business administration, marketing and economics from University of North Carolina at WilmingtonDelgado is the third co-founder of Fei Protocol. His experience includes serving more than two years at a DeFi project Dharma Labs as a software engineer and even longer at Uber in the same role. He graduated from the UС Berkeley with degrees in cognitive science and computer science.The project admittedly was backed by several high profile VC funds, including Nascent Capital, Andreessen Horowitz and Coinbase Ventures and internet celebrity guru Naval Ravikant.Stablecoins are a necessary tool for any crypto enthusiast who wants to secure their assets from undesired volatility and market fluctuations. Stablecoins are crypto assets designed to maintain a certain peg value, tethered to a fiat currency of choice, usually USD. There is no central bank for a stablecoin, or any cryptocurrency, so in order to achieve a 1:1 price parity with fiat it has to rely solely on crypto economics and sophisticated market incentive mechanics. A truly independent and effective stablecoin design is especially important in the world of decentralized finance.Fei protocol uses several unique approaches for balancing the stablecoin peg price and protecting collateral from price shocks. First of all, it is a two-coin algorithmic stablecoin, where once coin, FEI, is trying to maintain the peg, while the other one, TRIBE is used to absorb the volatility. Fei has a rebalancing mechanism that is activated when course deviation is prolonged. The protocol then uses its holdings of assets (PCV) to buy out and burn FEI tokens. This advantage claims to set FEI apart from other algorithmic stablecoins, and all because they don’t have a built-in function to buy back tokens in the event of a drop in demand.Secondly, FEI is based on a so-called protocol controlled value (PCV) model. PCV is a subset of the concept of TVL (total value locked), in which a platform outright owns the assets locked into the smart contracts. This is a very novel, and, to be frank, questionable, approach, because traditionally stablecoins work as a sort of IOUs and in the end the user could always demand to take back his collateral.Thirdly, Fei Protocol uses direct incentives to penalize trades away from the peg and reward trades towards the peg. This is supposed to modulate the FEI supply to produce a deflationary effect.By design, when the demand for the coin is high, to create new FEI coins a user has to put their assets into a Uniswap pool and basically mint new coins, everything is simple. When the demand is low, selling the coin back will burn it automatically correcting the price. Unfortunately the underlying model failed the founders to predict that by penalising the seller selling the FEI below the peg with burning more coins than he intended, it penalises the buyer as well, virtually killing all demand for the coin alongside the supply.Fei Protocol structure is assembled from several components: Fei Core (it’s an access control node), FEI stablecoin, binding curves, PCV deposits, PCV controllers, FEI incentives, TRIBE governance token and DAO. A protocol can be modulated, new features can be voted on by deploying a contract and granting it a role.Find out more about Maker DAO, another algorithmic stablecoin.What are ERC-20 tokens? Click here and find out.Having a strong back-to-school feeling? Do not hesitate, take our DeFi 101 guide.For more insights and news on crypto, check out our blog.Fei is a stablecoin, like with any other stablecoin it’s max total supply is not capped. It will be minted or burned following the demand.Fei Protocol\'s primary issuance mechanism for FEI are bonding curves. These bonding curves can have any parameterization but should follow a pattern: use a curve with a desirable growth rate > have a "shift" that determines the starting price > have a "Scale" target at which the curve switches to fixed relative to the oracle peg > have a "buffer" which is a percentage premium above the peg that the curve trades at post-Scale.The Fei Core Team insists to only issue bonding curves denominated in decentralized tokens/Fei Protocol bonding curves are buy-only, meaning that purchasers must go elsewhere to sell their FEI. The Fei Protocol prioritizes PCV liquidity with the assets it receives from the curve. Additionally, the price function of a bonding curve is not based on the total circulating supply of FEI but only based on the amount of FEI purchased on that specific bonding curve. Fei Protocol is launching with a single, ETH denominated bonding curve with plans for more as the protocol scales.However since FEI protocol is a two-coin stablecoin, we should also pay attention to the second token, TRIBE, which is designed to absorb all the surplus value in FEI. TRIBE distribution in short is as follows: community/team/investors split is 80/15/5, where community liquidity is instant, investors have a linear time-lock and the team has back-weighted time-lock with a total of 5 year vesting.FEI is a stablecoin built on Ethereum, but there are nuances. FEI is a regular ERC-20  token, based on the OpenZeppelin ERC-20 Burnable code with modifications. As such, it is secured by Ethereum’s Ethash proof-of-work algorithm and the power of the Ethereum network, second only to Bitcoin in hashpower.Moreover, the protocol uses different user roles with varying levels of access and responsibility, their functionality pretty much defined by their signifiers: Governor, Minter, Burner, PCV Controller and Guardian. The roles are managed with the Fei Core contract.Almost immediately after the public launch, the public was informed of an existing breach that could potentially allow a malevolent attacker to withdraw a significant portion of ETH out of the FEI Uniswap pool. The breach was discovered due to a generous bug bounty program and was reported not to have been exploited. FEI is a freely tradable token, available on a number of exchanges, most of them decentralised due to the specific focus of the protocol. Exchanges trading FEI include Uniswap (V2), 1INCH, Gate.io and Ox. Another place to buy or sell FEI is through their website. Existing pairs include Ethereum, Tether (USDT) and other coins. Please do your own due diligence upon making a decision to take your money to any crypto exchange.If you want to learn more about how to buy Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, read our starter’s guide, and take a look at the top DeFi tokens by market capitalization.', 'website': 'https://fei.money/', 'whitepaper': 'https://fei.money/static/media/whitepaper.7d5e2986.pdf', 'other_links': ['fei.money', 'https://t.me/feiprotocol', 'https://discord.gg/2prhYdQ5jP'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/feiprotocol'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Stablecoin']} ,
{'rank': 205, 'name': 'Wrapped BNB', 'symbol': 'WBNB', 'id': '7192', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/wbnb/', 'slug': 'wbnb', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.binance.org/', 'other_links': ['www.binance.org'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/Binance_DEX'], 'property': ['Binance Smart Chain'], 'platform': ['Wrapped Tokens']} ,
{'rank': 301, 'name': 'BORA', 'symbol': 'BORA', 'id': '3801', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bora/', 'slug': 'bora', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://boraecosystem.com', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/boraecosystem/', 'whitepaper': 'https://boraecosystem.com/doc/BORA_Whitepaper_1.3_EN.pdf', 'other_links': ['boraecosystem.com', 'https://t.me/boraofficial', 'https://t.me/BORAofficial_kr'], 'explorers': ['explorer.boraecosystem.com', 'etherscan.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/bora_ecosystem'], 'property': ['Marketplace', 'Gaming', 'Wallet']} ,
{'rank': 302, 'name': 'Casper', 'symbol': 'CSPR', 'id': '5899', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/casper/', 'slug': 'casper', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '\nLaunched on mainnet on March 30, 2021, Casper is the first live proof-of-stake (PoS) blockchain built off the Casper CBC specification. The Casper platform is designed to boost the adoption of blockchain technology, smart contracts, and DApps on a global scale.With its future-proof architecture, Casper is designed to ensure the platform is continually developed according to the evolving needs of its users, and that it’s maximally accessible to developers of all backgrounds. As per the official whitepaper, Casper is optimized to suit both enterprise and developer needs. Casper’s mission is to usher in a new era for Web3, as demand for intuitive, interconnected services continues to grow across the board. Casper does so by solving the adoption trilemma: offering enterprise-grade security, scalability and decentralization all within the same blockchain protocol. \n### Medha Parlikar, Co-Founder and CTOMedha is one of the co-founders of CasperLabs and serves as its CTO. She started working with technology in the early 80’s, building computers in her basement. Since then, she has sent the past two decades delivering production SaaS software for major corporations such as Adobe, Omniture, and Avalara. In addition to her technical proficiencies, Medha’s strengths include building high functioning technical teams and inspiring them to deliver solutions that solve customer problems.\nMrinal has an extensive career as both a computer programmer and a finance professional. Before founding Casper, Mrinal was a Principal and the Technology/Media/Telecom Sector Head at Sagard Capital, a Private Equity Associate at Bain Capital, and an Associate Consultant at Bain & Company. In addition to his professional contributions to the blockchain industry, Mrinal has been personally investing in the sector since 2012 as a seed investor in Ethereum, Blockstack, Basis, Maker, Filecoin, and more.\nCasper is a unique utilization of blockchain technology and the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus method. Because of its completely decentralized approach, the network is extremely versatile in terms of use cases. Not only that, Casper boasts a future-proof design, with upgradeable smart contracts and predictable gas fees for transactions. Additionally, Casper is introducing a new standard for blockchain energy consumption, and is 136,000% more energy-efficient than Bitcoin. The innovative Correct-by-Construction (CBC) Casper specification is a remarkable feature of the network. This specification allows for the rapid adoption of blockchain services on all enterprise levels. By relying on the PoS consensus, Casper ensures scalability and database management solutions. Casper and the CSPR token are the result of years of research by CasperLabs.Further, CasperLabs exists to provide enterprise-level services and support for organizations building on the Casper Network, similar to how Red Hat supports organizations building within the Linux ecosystem. Thanks to the team’s unique experience running services at enterprise software organizations like Adobe, Avalara and Google, CasperLabs is uniquely poised to elevate Casper as the de facto blockchain for the growing number of enterprise organizations that want to build in Web3 environments, but require more dedicated levels of support than are possible from open-source, decentralized projects. \nThe initial circulating supply of CSPR breaks down as follows:The portion of seigniorage estimated to be allocated to the released tokens above to date. This number updates in real time as seigniorage is issued.Additional tranches of CSPR are held by various ecosystem participants, including Validator Node operators, the Casper Foundation, the Team and Advisors, the DAO in charge of Developer Incentives and CasperLabs AG, as shown in the chart below..\nThe Casper Network relies on a PoS consensus mechanism for its network security. PoS depends on token staking to select node validators, which allows the consensus to be extremely versatile and scalable. Unlike the proof-of-work (PoW) consensus used by the Bitcoin blockchain, PoS does not require huge amounts of electrical or computing power to perform validations and to add new blocks to the chain. Casper also employs the Correct-by-Construction (CBC) Casper specification, which utilizes an upgraded approach to Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT) applications. Casper’s enterprise-grade architecture has completed multiple security audits, most recently with Trail of Bits in January 2021, which found zero high severity results and confirmed that Casper “showed proper use of security hygiene.” CSPR is available for trading on a growing number of exchanges, with a number of stablecoin trading pairs currently available. Huobi Global is currently the most active platform for trading CSPR, and other available exchanges include:', 'website': 'https://casper.network/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/CasperLabs', 'whitepaper': 'https://docs.casperlabs.io/en/latest/', 'other_links': ['casper.network', 'https://t.me/casperblockchain', 'https://discord.com/invite/Q38s3Vh'], 'explorers': ['clarity.casperlabs.io', 'casperstats.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/Casper_Network', 'https://reddit.com/r/CasperLabs'], 'property': ['Enterprise solutions', 'Hashkey Capital Portfolio']} ,
{'rank': 303, 'name': 'KardiaChain', 'symbol': 'KAI', 'id': '5453', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/kardiachain/', 'slug': 'kardiachain', 'max_supply': '5,000,000,000', 'about': '', 'website': 'https://www.kardiachain.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/kardiachain/go-kardia', 'other_links': ['www.kardiachain.io', 'https://t.me/kardiachain'], 'explorers': ['explorer.kardiachain.io'], 'community': ['xangle.io', 'https://twitter.com/KardiaChain'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['DPoS'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Enterprise solutions', 'Interoperability', 'Scaling', 'Sharding', 'Smart Contracts', 'Staking']} ,
{'rank': 304, 'name': 'Oasis Network', 'symbol': 'ROSE', 'id': '7653', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/oasis-network/', 'slug': 'oasis-network', 'max_supply': '10,000,000,000', 'about': 'Designed for the next generation of blockchain, the Oasis Network is the first privacy-enabled blockchain platform for open finance and a responsible data economy. Combined with its high throughput and secure architecture, the Oasis Network is able to power private, scalable DeFi, revolutionizing Open Finance and expanding it beyond traders and early adopters to a mass market. Its unique privacy features can not only redefine DeFi, but also create a new type of digital asset called Tokenized Data that can enable users to take control of the data they generate and earn rewards for staking it with applications — creating the first-ever responsible data economy.For more information visit the Oasis Network primer here.', 'website': 'https://oasisprotocol.org/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core', 'whitepaper': 'https://docsend.com/view/aq86q2pckrut2yvq', 'other_links': ['oasisprotocol.org', 'https://t.me/oasisprotocolcommunity', 'https://join.slack.com/t/oasiscommunity/shared_invite/enQtNjQ5MTA3NTgyOTkzLWIxNTg1ZWZmOTIwNmQ2MTg1YmU0MzgyMzk3OWM2ZWQ4NTQ0ZDJkNTBmMTdlM2JhODllYjg5YmJkODc2NzgwNTg'], 'explorers': ['www.oasisscan.com', 'oasismonitor.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/OasisProtocol']} ,
{'rank': 305, 'name': 'Vai', 'symbol': 'VAI', 'id': '7824', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/vai/', 'slug': 'vai', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Vai is a decentralized stablecoin built on the Venus Protocol that runs on the Binance Smart Chain.Venus Protocol, launched in 2019, is governed by the XVS token. The latter was designed to be a fair launch cryptocurrency with no preliminary allocation to the project’s founders or its team. It can be earned through Binance Launchpool by providing liquidity to the protocol.Vai, powered by the Venus Protocol, claims to be the first decentralized stablecoin on the Binance Smart Chain that is backed by a basket of stablecoins and other crypto assets without centralized control. Being powered by Binance Smart Chain allows Vai to offer its users a high-speed, low-fee money market.XVS is distributed via a fair-launch mechanism with no founder and team allocations. It is backed by a well-funded organization Swipe, a Binance portfolio company. Swipe was founded by Joselito Lizarondo, who is also the company’s current CEO.The Venus protocol is governed by its native token XVS which can be mined by liquidity suppliers, protocol borrowers and stablecoin miners. The protocol itself introduces an easy-to-use crypto-asset lending and borrowing solution to the decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem. It enables users to directly borrow against collateral at higher speed and lower transaction fees. Venus also allows users to mint the VAI stablecoin on demand by depositing at least 200% collateral onto the Venus smart contract.The people who source liquidity through the Venus Protocol do not have to pass credit checks and can take out a loan by interacting with the Venus decentralized application (DApp). Due to the fact that it is not governed by a central authority, Venus users are not subjected to arbitrary restrictions and can always source desired liquidity by posting sufficient collateral.The loans are then provided from a pool that is contributed by the Venus users, who can, in turn, receive an annual percentage yield (APY) for their contributions. The Venus Protocol also utilizes price feed oracles that provide accurate pricing data.Learn more about Qtum.Learn more about Digital Money Bits.Learn about the difference between Uniswap and PancakeSwap on CMC Alexandria.Stay in the loop on all things crypto with the CoinMarketCap blog.Vai (VAI) has a circulating supply of 160,567,211 tokens and a total supply of 160,704,318 as of March 2021.The Vai network is fully secured by the Binance Smart Chain. It is compatible with the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) and can run even if the Binance Chain itself goes offline. Binance Smart Chain makes use of the proof-of-staked authority (POSA) consensus mechanism.Vai (VAI) can be traded on the following exchanges:Read CoinMarketCap’s dedicated guide on how to buy Bitcoin if you want to learn more.', 'website': 'https://venus.io', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/SwipeWallet/Venus-Protocol', 'whitepaper': 'https://venus.io/Whitepaper.pdf', 'other_links': ['venus.io', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol', 'https://t.me/VenusProtocol'], 'explorers': ['bscscan.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/VenusProtocol'], 'property': ['DeFi', 'Stablecoin', 'Stablecoin - Asset-Backed', 'Binance Smart Chain']} ,
{'rank': 401, 'name': 'Hoge Finance', 'symbol': 'HOGE', 'id': '8438', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hoge-finance/', 'slug': 'hoge-finance', 'max_supply': '1,000,000,000,000', 'about': "HOGE, formerly known as Hoge.Finance or Hogecoin, describes itself as a community-driven DeFi auto-staking ERC-20 token with a capped and deflationary supply. HOGE was fair-launched on February 7, 2021 with no tokens allocated to the team. Initial HOGE supply was 1,000,000,000,000 with half (500 billion) permanently burned at launch.A 2% tax is levied on every HOGE transaction that takes place. 1% of that tax is sent to the burn wallet and permanently removed from the supply. The other 1% is redistributed to all wallets holding HOGE outside of exchanges.HOGE launched with the intention of simply being a deflationary “Doge but DeFi”. However, a team of HOGE founders with a larger vision stewarded the project toward a more philanthropic and utilitarian roadmap.HOGE is one of the first DeFi memecoins to successfully complete a Certik audit. No critical, major, or medium findings were found. As of this writing the skynet security score is 90. https://www.certik.org/projects/hogefinanceHOGE has begun minting NFT's for holders as well as sponsoring eSports and Rally Racing Trucks.In May a Swiss verein non-profit DAO hybrid was created to enact community approved actions for the token also to sign contracts and business agreements going forward with Centralized Exchange’s. HOGE has implemented a non-profit partnership initiative including a Twitter campaign called #HogeSavesTheAnimals through which the community nominates charitable causes for HOGE to support. Under this and related initiatives HOGE has raised over $20,000 for animals. The HOGE team looks to it’s HogeGameLabs to explore dApp games development later in 2021.https://coinpedia.org/price-analysis/hoge-finance-and-meme-price-analysis/\nhttps://www.prweb.com/releases/who_let_the_crypto_dogs_out_hoge_the_king_of_defi_made_easy/prweb17885931.htm\nhttps://jessejrogers.medium.com/can-hoge-become-heir-to-doge-496079b3c624\nhttps://marketrealist.com/p/where-can-i-buy-hoge-crypto/", 'other_links': ['hoge.finance', 'hogefinance.com', 'https://t.me/hogefinance', 'https://discord.gg/5F8taSX9'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/hogefinance', 'https://reddit.com/r/hoge'], 'property': ['Memes']} ,
{'rank': 402, 'name': 'Kadena', 'symbol': 'KDA', 'id': '5647', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/kadena/', 'slug': 'kadena', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': '', 'website': 'http://kadena.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/kadena-io', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.kadena.io/whitepapers', 'other_links': ['kadena.io', 'https://t.me/kadena_io', 'https://discord.io/Kadena'], 'explorers': ['explorer.chainweb.com'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'https://twitter.com/kadena_io'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['PoW', 'Blake2S'], 'property': ['Platform', 'Cosmos Ecosystem', 'Smart Contracts', 'Polkadot Ecosystem', 'Coinfund Portfolio', 'Multicoin Capital Portfolio'], 'other': ['Mineable']} ,
{'rank': 403, 'name': 'Ultiledger', 'symbol': 'ULT', 'id': '3666', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ultiledger/', 'slug': 'ultiledger', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': "Launched in Sep 2018, Ultilegder describes itself as an open-source global self-financing blockchain protocol that obtains high-level consensus and co-governance from its communities. Ultiledger aims to build an economic and financial ecosystem based on token 'ULT' to help any organization that needs to build trust at a low cost and construct a distributed financial book and accounting system with bank-grade security. It plans to offer zero-cost transaction settlement, improved security, privacy, efficiency, and capital availability through a combination of main chain and sub-chains. Ultiledger HQ is based in Shanghai. As of Sep 2019, the Ultiledger main chain test is scheduled for Q3 of 2019. For more information, visit https://www.ultiledger.io/", 'website': 'https://www.ultiledger.io/', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/ultiledger', 'whitepaper': 'https://www.ultiledger.io/files/whitepaper_en.pdf', 'other_links': ['www.ultiledger.io', 'https://t.me/ultiledger'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['medium.com', 'www.ultiledger.io', 'https://twitter.com/Ultiledgerio'], 'property': ['Services']} ,
{'rank': 404, 'name': 'ReddCoin', 'symbol': 'RDD', 'id': '118', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/redd/', 'slug': 'redd', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Reddcoin (RDD) is a digital currency designed for tipping and sending money for social payments.It is the cryptocurrency that powers the Redd ecosystem, a social tipping platform and volunteer-run organization that lets you support, donate and help fund various causes around the world. It is one of the oldest projects in the cryptocurrency space and was launched back in 2014 — during what many consider to be the year of peak innovation for blockchain technologies. The cryptocurrency is designed to be a simple to use mode of payment that can be transferred at low cost on the Redd Network. It can also be used as a means of payment on most social network platforms, allowing users to easily transact with their friends and followers, much in the same way that Snapcash does for Snapchat users, and Facebook Cash does for Facebook users.The Reddcoin token (RDD) can be earned through a unique algorithm known as proof-of-stake-velocity (PoSV), which sees RDD holders stake their assets on the Reddcoin wallet to earn rewards. Reddcoin was originally developed by Jonathan Patenaude, a software developer who crafted the core code for the platform. He joined Larry Ren in creating the first legal entity surrounding the Reddcoin platform in 2015 — a now-dissolved UK-based company known as Reddcoin Ltd.Both Patenaude and Ren resigned from their posts at Reddcoin in 2015, and the remaining team members began working with the community to continue the development of the project. As of November 2020, the core members of the Reddcoin project are Jay Laurence, John Nash, David Faust and Tim Musick. Jay Laurence, an experienced developer and early cryptocurrency adopter is listed as the project leader, whereas John "CryptoGnasher" Nash, a heavily experienced project manager and IT expert, is its solutions architect. Meanwhile, David Faust and Timothy Musick music handle operations and business development at Redd respectively. Beyond this, the team consists mainly of volunteers, ranging from developers to designers, social media mavericks, and more. The Reddcoin company currently lists 11 employees on LinkedIn, but it is currently unclear how many of these are on the payroll or volunteering. Reddcoin is designed primarily for tipping, sharing and donating to others around the world. To help facilitate this, it has eliminated several of the major barriers that have hindered the adoption of some other cryptocurrencies — such as slow transactions and high transaction fees. With Reddcoin, transactions are confirmed in just seconds. Since it is a Litecoin fork, it benefits from extremely short block times, with a new block created every minute. As a result, transactions rarely take more than a minute to finalize. On top of this, transactions are free. This means no gas wars or transaction fee hikes when the network load increases, making Reddcoin ideal for micropayments and donations. From a consumer’s perspective, Reddcoin represents an opportunity to easily monetize content and seek funding for charitable causes via a wide variety of social media platforms. As a currency backed by a social cause, Reddcoin provides content creators and activists with a platform they can use to advocate for social campaigns while being rewarded for their time and energy. RDD holders, on the other hand, can stake their tokens to help secure the network and earn a yield while doing so. Learn more about Litecoin (LTC) — the platform Reddcoin was forked from.Learn more about Ethereum (ETH)— the most popular platform for decentralized finance (DeFi) apps.Find out the difference between proof-of-work (POW) and proof-of-stake (POS) at CoinMarketCap Alexandria.Visit the CoinMarketCap blog for the latest blockchain news and insights.As of December 2020, there are just over 28.8 billion RDD in circulation, representing 100% of the total supply at the time. Due to the rewards distributed via the proof-of-sake-velocity (PoSV) consensus mechanism, the total supply of Reddcoin increases by around 5% per year. The platform rolled out an updated version of its POSV algorithm in October 2019 as part of a major platform upgrade. This update aimed to "provide enhanced network growth stability, strengthen staking incentives, and provide funding support for development teams." The update introduced a developer funding reward, which sees 8% of newly minted tokens derived from the inflation rewards distributed to the developer wallet — to ensure the continued development of the project. The rest of the rewards are distributed to stakers. As of December 2020, a total of 15.46% of RDD tokens were staked, representing an expected yield of 32.3% — though these figures are likely to change as the staked supply varies with time. As with most major cryptocurrencies, Reddcoin is built on a decentralized network, and information is stored on a peer-to-peer (P2P) network. As a result, there is no middleman handling user data, making Reddcoin a privacy-preserving alternative to fiat. The network is built on top of a novel consensus algorithm known as proof-of-stake-velocity (PoSV), which is a modified version of proof-of-stake (POS). This intends to boost network activity by introducing additional rewards for users that stake their coins, sign blocks and interact with their assets on a regular basis. The process of staking helps keep the Reddcoin network secured against attacks by disincentivizing dishonest behavior while incentivizing participation. Reddcoin is currently available to trade on just a handful of exchange platforms, the most prominent of which is Bittrex. As of November 2020, Reddcoin can be traded against Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), and USD Coin (USDC), or again fiat currencies like the Euro (EUR) and US dollar (USD).To learn more about buying cryptocurrencies with fiat, see our easy-to-follow guide.', 'website': 'https://github.com/reddcoin-project/reddcoin', 'source_code': 'https://github.com/reddcoin-project/reddcoin', 'whitepaper': 'https://wiki.reddcoin.com/Technical_Information', 'other_links': ['www.reddcoin.com', 'redd.love'], 'explorers': ['live.reddcoin.com', 'rdd.tokenview.com'], 'community': ['bitcointalk.org', 'www.reddcointalk.org', 'bitcointalk.org', 'https://twitter.com/reddcoin', 'https://reddit.com/r/reddcoin'], 'consensus_algorithm': ['Hybrid - PoW & PoS', 'Scrypt'], 'property': ['Media', 'Content Creation']} ,
{'rank': 405, 'name': 'Rarible', 'symbol': 'RARI', 'id': '5877', 'original_url': 'https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/rarible/', 'slug': 'rarible', 'max_supply': '--', 'about': 'Rarible is a creator-centric NFT marketplace and issuance platform that utilizes the RARI token to empower users who actively interact with the protocol. Users on the Rarible platform can easily create non-fungible tokens (NFTs) for unique digital items like artworks, game items and more. The platform offers users a fully-featured marketplace that is filtered and sorted using different categories to create a smooth and easy user experience. Anyone can create and post NFTs on the Rarible marketplace. The RARI token is a fundamental pillar of the platform as it is used to reward active users and for participating in the governance of the protocol. The Rarible team is based in Moscow and was co-founded by Alexei Falin and Alexander Salnikov in early 2020. Alexei Falin is Rarible’s CEO, and also the co-founder of Sticker.Place, a computer software company that specializes in stickers. Falin graduated from the University of Southern California and the Higher School of Economics in Moscow. Alexander Salnikov was the co-founder of Zenome and the ICO Director of Humaniq, a blockchain-based project that provides tools to the unbanked. Salnikov has founded more than five successful companies in the past and has extensive experience as a product manager. He now works as Rarible’s head of product. According to the official Rarible LinkedIn page, the entire Rarible team consists of almost a dozen employees — many of whom are artists.Rarible intends to become more than just a marketplace for digital collectibles and art through blockchain technology. The platform is used to create or “mint” NFTs with an extremely simple process that makes it accessible to those with little to no experience with NFTs. This allows artists and creatives to create and sell their digital products with zero barriers to entry while still benefiting from the security enabled by blockchain technology. The Rarible platform and protocol is an autonomous ecosystem that is governed by RARI holders, who are tasked with voting on governance proposals. In time, Rarible intends to transition to a fully decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) structure. The entire NFT ecosystem is still fairly new, but Rarible is already aiming to use part of the revenue to subsidize the first mint transaction (NFT creation transaction) for users, in addition to other business strategies to fuel the growth of the platform. The Rarible protocol is a solution to the limitations faced by the intellectual property market — such as challenging licensing and paperwork requirements. NFTs instead represent an easily accessible alternative available to anyone with just a few clicks. Check out Decentraland (MANA) — a virtual reality platform powered by the Ethereum blockchain.WAX (WAXP) is a similar marketplace for DApps, NFTs and other services.Learn more about NFTs with CoinMarketCap Alexandria.For the latest news, market updates, tricks, and tips, check out the CoinMarketCap blog.The total supply of RARI is capped at 25,000,000 and its current circulating supply depends on user participation. As of November 2020, just over 850,000 RARI are in circulation. The majority of RARI tokens (60%) are reserved for buyers and sellers on the Rarible marketplace. Every Sunday, 75,000 tokens are distributed to creators and collectors (50% each). This will be the case for at least 200 weeks after the marketplace launched. Rarible terms this process “marketplace liquidity mining.”Additionally, an airdrop of 10% of the total supply is distributed among NFT holders (8%) and other Rarible users (2%). The remaining 30% of Rarible tokens will be gradually distributed to investors and the Rarible team. The full tokenomics of the RARI token can be viewed on the official Rarible introductory post on Medium. Rarible is a platform built on the Ethereum network. Its native governance token, RARI, is built on the ERC-20 token standard. The tokens created on the platform are minted using the ERC-721 non-fungible standard and are secured by the Rarible protocol. Both ERC-20 and ERC-721 tokens are transacted on and secured by the Ethereum mainnet. This is a proof-of-work (POW), and soon-to-be proof-of-stake (POS) blockchain that uses a decentralized network of nodes and miners to ensure transactions are secure. The transparency of the Ethereum blockchain can be used to certify and guarantee the uniqueness of NFTs traded on the Rarible marketplace — ensuring creators and collectors can be confident that their tokens are genuinely rare. RARI is currently available to trade on several mid-tier exchanges, including MXC, Hotbit and Poloniex, as well as popular decentralized exchanges like Uniswap, Mooniswap and Balancer. The most popular trading pairs for RARI include RARI/WETH, RARI/USDT and RARI/ETH.If you’re looking to purchase RARI or other cryptocurrencies with regular fiat, check out our simple guide.', 'website': 'https://app.rarible.com/rari', 'other_links': ['app.rarible.com/rari'], 'explorers': ['etherscan.io', 'ethplorer.io'], 'community': ['https://twitter.com/rariblecom'], 'property': ['Collectibles & NFTs', 'DAO', 'Coinbase Ventures Portfolio', 'Governance', 'Coinfund Portfolio']} ,
